Cool!	Mr Hoppy has a crush on Mrs. Silver so Mrs Silver wishes that her tortoise will grow. o what Mr. Hoppy did was he ordered Many tortoise and then he would get Mrs. Silver's small tortoie and he will get his bog tortiose. By the way esio Trot in backward is TORTOISE!	2005-10-06
silly!	alex is always getting into trouble. but not on purpose. alex thinks her special science projectof taking a care over a pet over the weekend will just prove tyo her parents that she is mature enough. was she ever wrong!	2005-10-06
Cool!	Jessi has a teacher named Mr. Trout. He is shy so the kids play pranks on him and mean jokes. So when Mr. Trout leaves town and a subtitute goes to them, Jessi plays a prank on the subtitute.	2005-09-02
cool1	katie couldn't be happier about spending the summer in a tiny town. she pictures a qaint little village with a town of square and a general store. but as soon as she gets here, she starts to sees ghosts in her house.	2005-09-02
cool!	Martin HJastings, the bully of barkham street doesn't care  if he does not have friends. Martin was hateful and irresponsible. But what was he? THE BULLY!	2005-09-02
Cool!	Awesome Animals is full of really cool animals. You can also make yourself test in the Pop Quiz, you really have to read this book. This is really rare!	2005-09-02
Good ONe!	The We Love kids is very different than the BSC. This club is not like a business but there are some fun parts like dawn with her california parents.	2005-09-02
cool!	Amazing escapes is packed with real stories of people who survived scary things. Test your own survival skills by taking the No WAY test.	2005-09-02
BAD ONE!	i really wasn't satisfied about the book how come in Jessi's Wish Danielle was good and now Danielle is bad?	2005-09-02
cool1	when ryan and his family arrive in wisconsin, ryan is conviced his life is doomed. no best friends, no ball games and thers something weird going on at the library!	2005-09-02
Cool!	n Book 85, Claudia is lived in WSTO! If you want to find out more about this book. Buy This Book!	2005-08-05
Cool!	This book is cool! I have already finished this book but i'm still reveiwing it because the groups are cool!	2005-08-05
Cool!	Stacey thinks her mom's new employer uis a match for her mother. Thats why the book was called Stacey McGill Matchmaker.	2005-07-29
Cool!	Jessi joins the Kids Can Do Anything Club to help Danielle a sick child with cancer.	2005-07-25
Cool!	Problem starts after Kristy makes Emily Michelle inside the baby parade. Will the Baby Sitters get first prize in this baby parade?	2005-07-25
Cool!	Mallory wants to win the Young Authors Day Award and the only way to win is to stop baby sitting for kids.	2005-07-25
Cool!	In this fantastic book, the Baby Sitters are all going to USA. Including Abby Stevenson, the alternate officer.	2005-07-24
Cool!	When watson had a mild attack, he quits his job and becomes Mr. Mom.	2005-07-24
Cool!	Your mom is working for Dr. EEek. Go into the Canine Maze and you will become into dogs. But there are good endings where you are sill alive and is able to escape the lab of Eeek..	2005-07-24
Cool!	In this book, Kristy wants to be president in her class but there's this rival, Pete Stone who's also running president!	2005-07-24
Cool!	In this book, Claudia can't find her baby pictures of herself, Could Claudia have been adopted by the Kishis?	2005-07-24
Cool!	When the kids learned that fire destroyed their pen pals' school, Dawn makes something cool. In this book, She will have the biggest baby sitting job ever!	2005-07-24
Cool!	When Claudia meets Rosie Wilder, she quickly finds oiut that Rosie is a genius that can all like singing, playing or studying. Rosie akes Claudia feel like a world's class dunce!	2005-07-24
Cool!	The baby sitters are running a day camp at Stoneybrook for kids. When the fun begins, Mary anne's father announces that he's going on a business	2005-07-24
Cool!	You are living in your grandma's house and it's located near the graveyard. One day you notice the coffins coming near and then you meet this ghost, elvira and the Luckmeyer Twins.	2005-07-24
Cool!	Why don't the Lowells want Claudia to baby sit for them?. Claudia becomes the target of prejudice when the Baby Sitters take on a new client.	2005-07-24
Cool!	School Spirit Month gets out of control and two BSC members refuse to participate in it!	2005-07-24
Cool!	One day, while ordering to a deli, Stacey keeps on drinking water and her Father realizes that she's not sticking to her diet.	2005-07-24
Cool!	Kristy reluctantly takes part in a soiftball team institution prank that gets out of control. Suddenly the girl who never makes mistakes has a big confession to make.	2005-07-24
Cool 1	In this boiok, The pikes are going to sea city. Everybody is having fun that nobody noticed that a giant hurricane named Bill is headed straight to Sea City.	2005-07-17
Cool1	A winning lottery sends the Baby sitters to California. the book was really fun and with the Baby sitters going to Disneyland.	2005-07-17
cool!	It's the weekend, and your family's vacaioning at an awesome lake. Rumor has it this lake is filled with poison!	2005-07-17
Cool1	The Baby Sitters are going to hawaii. Mallory can't come so they let Logan join along with abby stevenson. What i really liked here was when abby got her high flying adventure that she will never forget!	2005-07-17
cool!	The teachers at SMS have assigned homewqork to do over the summer. How mean! Plus, the essay topic is so boring: What i Did this Summer. If Kristy were teacher, she'd choose something much more interesting. Like writing about your most vivid memory. Which get the Baby sitters thinking....	2005-07-17
cool	Dawn and claudia have a perfect day panned. They've invited Dawn's brother Jeff and three kids to join them on a sailing race out to Greenpoint Island. The girls have even packed a picnic lunch for the adventure. But then a big storm blows up in the middle of the race. and claudia and dawn and the kids never return from their island. The Baby sitters can't believe it's true, two of their members are missing!	2005-07-17
Cool1	In this book, The baby sitters are going to Florida as mother's helpers. Claudia gets mystery notes from a secret admireer, Dawn falls in love, Kristy, Mary Anne and Stacey have some friends.	2005-07-17
Cool!	The book is very cool! When dawn meets Whitney, Dawn finds out that Whitney has a disease so Dawn asks her if she wants to be her baby-sitter. Dawn and Whitney really had a beautiful friendship in this book. Plus, Dawn's father is having dates with another girl and Dawn and Jeff are asked to come to their father's date.	2005-07-15
cool!	In dawn's Big date, Dawn tries to change her hairstyle, her clothes and her makeup for a date with Lewis, Logan's cousin. But Dawn is worried, will Lewis and the Baby Sitters like the New Dawn\\"?. when they had the date, Everything seems to get wrong. Will Dawn's date with Lewis be a total disaster? Anyway, Lewis is only visiting in Stoneybrook like what Mary Anne said in Dawn and the older Boy. And Lewis is only fourteen and guess how old travis was? sixteen!	2005-07-15
Cool!	Jessi is iritated, she does not need a baby sitter. Aunt Cecelia makes Jessi feel like a stupid kid. aunt Cecelia tells Jessi when she should sleep and they fight over a lot of things and she can't even go to BSC meetings and also can't go to Mallory Pike's house. Jessi knows she is a baby sitter and is old enough to have a sitter but how can she tell Aunt Cecelia?	2005-07-15
Cool!	When claudia meets Brian, she know she the perfect boy for her. but BriaN AND cLAUDIA ARE VERY DIFFERENT. fIRST OF ALL, Brian is not interested in paintings and Claudia is not interested in cars!	2005-07-15
Cool!	In this book, Stacey has a crush on her twenty two year old teacher. She worked hard in math and even gave him a beautiful poem. She turned down Kristy's brother Sam who wanted to go with her to the Spring Dance. Instead, she wanted to go with the teacher. But the teacher said he was too old for Stacey.	2005-07-15
Cool!	It all started when Trap invited Geronimo to solve a mystery on Pirate Island. So they used this hot air balloon. Before long, they realize that they are being shot by...CATS!	2005-07-15
Cool!	It was strange. Paople kept telling Geronimo he did not have in mind. Then he realized the truth, there's a mousae alike Geronimo running in town.!	2005-07-15
cool!	the girls are throwing a surprise party for kate. what a mistake! they have to keep all kinds of secrets from the birthday girl. kate's not suspicious... she's just mad!	2005-07-01
cool!	There aree some weird grownups in Bailey city but could the singing track coach with long hair really be a magical mermaid?	2005-07-01
cool!	One night, Kate pretends to cast a bad luck spell on Patti. Everyone laughs until some really unlucky things start happening whenever Patti is around.	2005-07-01
cool!	Having a little sister sister who tattles and spies is tough enough.  But wendy's little sister Katie isn't just a pain... she's perfect. Katie does everything well: her walls are covered with awards and medals. Wendy feels like a total failure next to the pest. Why can't wendy do something right for a change?	2005-07-01
cool!	Jonno just wants to be part of the in-crowd, but it's impossible because of his brother who's different.	2005-07-01
cool!	Kate, Lauren, Stephanie and Patti enter a contest to see advertised on TV. If they win, they get to star a music video!	2005-07-01
Cool!	Tom's dad just god married. Now Tommy gets a new mom. Tommy doesn't hate school. But it's easy to get lost, which exactly happens to Tom. Tom gets lost in a maze of empty classrooms.	2005-07-01
cool!	sara is scared. she has a big part in the school play... but she's shy.	2005-07-01
cool!	Kammy's summer is turning upside down: her father is getting married again. And she has to go to camp for the first time.	2005-07-01
Cool!	Mallory has never been a sports person. In fact, you could say gym is her least favorite subject. Nut now Mal's worst subject has turned into an absolute nightmare. Gym classs has gone co-ed.	2005-06-13
It was okay	Before, it was no big deal. James wanted to do things his way, and sometimes Amalia leta him. but now he won't give up. Amalia thinks james doesn't know her anymore. And Amalia is sure that jam,es doesn't know Amalia.	2005-06-13
A Great Book	When Claudia hears her mother and father talking about something, Claudia's mother tells Claudia that Mimi died.	2005-06-13
cool!	Read betwee the lines <br /> <br />Dr. merwin has stopped talking about good signs and her mother iws never getting better.	2005-06-13
Jenny is the Miss Priss	Jenny is getting jealous because her mother and father spends time with Andrea, Jenny's baby sister. Soon, Mary Anne realizes that Jenny is acting prissy	2005-06-07
Cool!	When Stacey makes a lie, it turns on another, then another. If the BSC finds out that she lies, Kristy will fire her!	2005-06-06
Cool!	Is Stacey outgrowing the BSC?. Well, Kristy fired her because she quit the club. After quitting the club, she starts to have new friends and is working at Bellair Department Store.	2005-06-06
Dawn always goes back to California!	Oh No, Dawn Schafer is moving back to California. But who could replace Dawn as Alternate Officer?	2005-06-06
Cool!	When Stacey joins the cheerleading squad, she becomes a cheerleader. Stacey meets Robert here too. But what will the BSC think of her when she joined the squad?	2005-06-06
Cool!	Unlike Claudia and Dawn, Stacey doesn't like ghost stories. So when she and Charlotte hear terrible noises at the Hennesey house, Kristy makes an emergency meeting. Mallory claims that the house gave her a horrible nightmare like Charlotte. So Kristy isn't sure if the town is built under a cemetery <br />	2005-06-06
Dawn's Move Part2	This time Dawn will move back to California for sure because she misses Jeff, Sunny, The we Love kids club, The beach, Disneyland. <br />But what about her mother?	2005-06-06
Cool!	Mallory's dad has lost his job. But the Pike kids are coming to the rescue. Little Vannesa Pike is selling her old doll. And what is the BSC doing?	2005-06-06
Cool!	Kristy's family has a new member: A Labrador retriever puppy named Scout. Kristy is extra excited, since Scout isn't any ordinary puppy, she's being trained to be a guide dog for the blind. The whole family needs to pitch in to help Scout learn to help others. Kristy's a great BSC president and a great Krushers coCH. bUT CAN SHE SUCEED AS A DOG TRAINER?	2005-06-06
Cool!	Stacey's boyfriend, Robert is acting odd. Soon Stacey is realizing that Robert is cheating on her. Stacey is shocked.	2005-06-06
Cool!	Mallory is taking proffesional riding lessons. It's a dream come true or should i say Mallory has gone crazy. The book was so cool with interesting chapters.	2005-06-06
A Story Of Forgiveness	I Found out in this book that Dave Pelzer suffered from her mother's Games in 8 years. He tells about what happens to him when he joined the air force. He tells about how his father died of cancer. He tells about how his mother died of heart attack.  <br /> <br />In A Man Named Dave, Dave Pelzer has delievered the fitting conclusion to a monumental series of books about courage and truimph. In this powerful book Pelzer demonstrates, as few have, that it is in the darknest skies that the stars are best seen. <br /> <br />Praise For Dave Pelzer and his New York Times Bestselling Books \\"A Child Called It\\" And The Lost Boy. <br /> <br />Riveting. Neither I nor my sstaff could put it down! Pelzer's unyielding determination inspires us all. He is a living example that all of us have the capability to better ourselves no matter what the odds. One's life is forever changed after living through the eyes of A Child Called \\"It\\" <br /> <br />These words were 18 year old Dave Pelzer's declaration of independence to his mother, and they represented the ultimate act of self-reliance. Dave's father never intervented as his mother abused him with shocking brutality, denying him food and clothing, torturing him in any way she could imagine. This was the woman who told her son she could kill him anytime she wanted to- and nearly did. <br /> <br />The more than one million readers of Pelzer's previous bestselling minionsm A Child Called \\"IT\\" and The Lost Boy, know that he lived to tell his courageous story. But even years after he was rescued, his life remained a continual struggle. Dave felt rootless and awkward, an outcast haunted by memories of his years as the bruised, Cowering \\"It\\" locked in his mother's basement. Desperately trying to make something of his life, Dave was determined to weather every setback and gain strength from adversity. <br /> <br />Dave's dramatic reunion with his dying father and the shocking confrontation with his mother- along with the discovery of the secret past- led to his ultimate calling: mentor to others struggling with personal hardships. From a difficult marriage to the birth of his son, from an unfulfilling carrer yo an enduring frienship, Dave was finally able to break the chains of his past, learning to trust, to love and to live. <br /> <br />A Man Named Dave is the gripping conclusion to his inspirational trilogy. With stunning generosity of spirit, Dave Pelzer invites his readers on his journey to discover how he turned into shame into pride and rejection into acceptance- how a lost, nameless boy finally found himself in the heart and soul of a man who is free at last. <br /> <br />*** Keep in mind: Dave Pelzer is the international bestsellinbg author of A Child Called \\"It\\" and The Lost Boy. He travels throughout the country inspiring hope and resilience in countless and individuals. Davew has recived commendation from Presidents Reagan, Bush, and Clinton and in 1994 was the only American recipent of the Outstanding Young Persons of the World Award.***	2005-06-06
Cool!	Dawn has a crazy idea. Dawn wants to save the planet by recycling papers. But lately, They don't want Dawn around anymore!	2005-06-06
Great!	Claudia is happy that Aunt Peaches is back in Stoneybrook. They love to eat junkfood, play pretend. But one day it stops. Aunt Peaches gets Claudia in trouble!	2005-05-29
This Is Dawn's Replacement?	Dawn is back in California and the BSC needs another member. Kristy keeps callingf their associate members, Shannon and Logan. So Jessi brings Wendy, Wendy is a terrific baby sitter. Only problem ius Wendy is not on time for meetings or sitting jobs.	2005-05-29
Cool!	The Baby Sitters are going to a winter vacation. Dawn is having troubles with skating. Kristy is helping her team win the Winter War. Mary Anne uncovers a ghost in the lodge.	2005-05-29
Cool!	When Mary Anne sees a picture of a haircut, she goes to the parlor to cut her hair. But the BSC don't pay much attention to it. Mary Anne thinks the BSC will be surprised with her new look. But what a mistake. Somethingf went wrong!	2005-05-23
Queen Claudia	When Claudia is back in seventh grade she becomes Queen of the seventh grade. Claudia has a steady boyfriend called Mark. Mark is King Of the Seventh Grade. Claudia meets other people that she makes friends with.	2005-05-23
Cool!	When Kristy baby sits for Lou McNally weverything turned out to be worse. Lou seems to be like a terror. Lou is naughty. Don't Lou's parents teach Lou?	2005-05-23
Great Book!	The book is so great. Abby really did a good thing. She saved Gram Elsie from breast cancer. It's really great. Please buy the book.	2005-05-23
Cool!	When SMS asked Stacey to join a math competition, she's excited. Will Stacey win or lose. On baby sitting cients, mClaudia is trying to teach Linny Papadakis subtract.	2005-05-23
The Best!	Of All the BSC Members, Kristy's the last who would expect for a secret admirrer. When Kristy recieves notes that has hearts, Kristy and Shannon are pretty sure it's bart taylor, kristy's rival from a softball team. Is Bart playing a mean joke?	2005-05-23
Cool!	Stacey has a new friend. Her name is Tess Swinhart, a plain new student. Everyone cracks jokes about her and it started from Alan Gray. Stacey's fighting mad.	2005-05-23
Cool!	Mary Anne loves sewing. So when Mrs. Towne breaks her ankle, Mary Anne is happy to help her. But it seems like Mary Anne is doing everything for Mrs. Towne. Mary Anne doesn't want to hurt Mrs. Towne's feelings, But Mary Anne doesn't want to be treated like a maid too!	2005-05-23
Cool!	Mary Anne is having second thoughts about cooling their relationship. So when Mary Anne finds out that Logan is already with Cokie Mason, Cokie and Mary Anne fight. Who will Logan choose? It's Mary Anne vs. Cokie.	2005-05-23
Great!	Abby gets a lot of Valentine notes. It happened when she was not ready for a date. She asked Anna if she did it but she said no. In this book, Aby was acting real snobbish.	2005-05-23
An Okay Book	I think that this book, compared to a lot of other BSC Books are good. I just can't believe anyone would spend their vacations watching kids...oh well. They're baby Sitters after all. I think the girls fight over dumb things, like when Coby was dancing with Kristy, and Claudia cut in. I mean, come, on grow up. Dawn's fears were immensely exsagerated. It's silly for Dawn to be afraid of NY, since she's from LA and there are psychos there too. Don't be confused, this is actually a good book. Enjoy.	2005-05-21
The Night Is Young	Everyone says the old payne house is haunted. But you want to find out for yourself. Once you sneak inside, you better turn around and go out!	2005-05-19
I liked this book!	When phoebe goes to camp big tree, she quickly doesn't like camp. Because she has no friends, she's alone with her best friend Amy. Read the book, It's very funny.	2005-05-18
Shipwrecked!	When Ash, Brock, Misty and Ash's Pokemon are lost, They find themselves in big trouble. They are stuck in an island with lots of giant unfriendly giant Pokemons!	2005-05-18
Great!	The Orange Islands are weird. Ash and the gang discover a crystal Giant Onix and they also meet Snorlax, A sleeping Pokemon!	2005-05-18
Great!	Ash, Misty, Brock and Pickachu go on a Pokemon fossil dig/ Things get explosive when Team Rocket accidentaly wakes up some crank, ancient Pokemon!	2005-05-18
Man Or Wolf?	I was addicted to these books when i was younger and it wasn't until i was majoring in education in college that i figured out why. They were interesting with bezarre plot twists that most 9-12 year olds don't think they were short [usually between 110-130 pages]. I could the read the whole thing in a day. <br /> <br />My parents also didn't have a lot of heartache with buying me a new book because they  are relatively inexpensive [in the neighborhood of 3-5 bucks each].  <br /> <br />R.L. Stine's Goosebumps books aren't scary, just kind of creepy. There aren't graphic descriptions of murder and mayhem. Just some ghosts, werewolves, or potions. The main character is alive in the end, and the final chapter resolves everything. <br /> <br />**Keep in mind, R.L. Stine has otherr books that aren't in the Goosebumps series that tend to be a little harsher when it comes to hauntings and plot. They are written more for the 12-14 age group and are longer [around 15-200 pages].	2005-05-18
What the!	The Orange Islands have a league on their own. But what is this? Dancing Pokemon, Mountain climbing. Sometimes ash can't even use his Pokemons. Can Ash stand the challenge?	2005-05-18
Cool!	The gang is aty Hollywood to watch a mummy movie. But the movie has had problems right now. And there's a mummy who wants to build his own movie!	2005-05-18
Cool!	The book is so cool. Please buy it. The songs are great. My favorite there is the ballet dancer it's so great. you learen new notes.	2005-05-18
They've got the dirt on you!	I was addicted to thses books when i was younger and it wasn't until i was majoring in education in college that i figured out why. They were interesting with bizarre plot twists that most 9-12 year olds don't think about they were short [usually between 110-130 pages]. I could read the whole thing in a day. <br /> <br />My parents didn't also have a lot of heartache with buying me a new book because they are relatively inexpensive [in the neighborhood of 3-5 bucks each]. <br /> <br />R.L. Stine's Goosebumps books aren't scary, just kind of creepy. There aren't graphic descriptions of murder and mayhem. Just some ghosts. werewolves, or potions. The main character is alive in the end, and the final chapter resolves everything. <br /> <br />**Keep in mind, R.L. Stine has other books that aren't in the Goosebumps series that tend to be harsher when it comes to hauntings and plot. They are written more for the 12-14 age group and are longer [around 150-200 pages].**	2005-05-18
Cool!	This is the official autobiography of Kristin Amanda Thomas. OnChapter 1, they have an assignment and their assignment is to write an autobiography. Kristy describes her life about being herself and meeting Claudia and Mary Anne. The book was great. The cover was nice it has designs that made me buy the book.	2005-05-16
cool!	Logan Bruno is more than Mary Anne's boyfriend.. He's cute, sweet and one guy the Baby sitters absotutely adore. Now Logan's starring in his very own Baby Sitters Club adventure.	2005-05-16
Cool!	The autobiography of BSC's California girl. Dawn describes her life when she was born and how she met Sunny Winslow. Dawn describes wat happened when she rescued Clover from a burning house. And when she moved to Stoneybrook and met Mary Anne Spier.....	2005-05-16
Great!	Ash wants to be a Pokemon Master. He alkso loves to catch Ghost Pokemon but they are tricky. Will Ash be a Pokemon Master someday? Ash battles Sabrina in this story.	2005-05-16
It's the little camp of horrors	I was addicted to these books when i was younger and it wasn't until i was majoring with education in college that i figured out why. They were intersting with bizarre plot twists that most 9-12 year olds don't tyhink about and they were short[ ussualy between with 110-130 pages]. I could read the whole thing in a day. <br /> <br />My parents didn't have a lot of heartache with buying me a new book because these are relatively inexpensive[ in the neighborhood of 3-5 bucks each] <br /> <br />R.L. Stine's Goosebumps books aren't scary, just kind of creepy. There aren't graphic desciptions of murder and mayhem. Just some ghosts, werewolves or potions. The main character is alive in the end, and the final chapter resolves everything. <br /> <br />**Keep in mind, R.L. Stine has other books that aren't in the Goosebumps series that tend to be a little harsher when it comes to hauntings and plots. They are written more for the 12-14 age group and are longer [around 150-200 pages]	2005-05-16
Scary!	Sarah hates camp. There are 20 safety rules. And there's a ghost. When Sarah meets Della, Della looks a little pale. When you turn on to the next chapter it gets creepier by the minute.	2005-05-16
Camp Horror!	Harry and alex see a lot of strange things at camp sprit moon. But what they don't see is even worse! They are camping out with ghosts.	2005-05-16
Camp Horror!	Wendy and her brother Elliot discover that winning at sports camp isn't everything. Staying alive is.	2005-05-16
Cool!	Do you believe in magic? Scooby and shafggy sure do. And there's a mystery to solve too! A princess diamond necklace disappears. Looks like the gang has a mystery to solve.	2005-05-16
Great!	Phears is back. And this time he's brought a friend, A berserker ghoul. The friend hasn't come to play with Max. The friend has come to stay with Max. And with the Ghoul inside him. Max is one wild and crazy guy.	2005-05-16
Great!	When Max sees ghosts and the ghosts says he is the only one who can help them fight the most gruesome creature in the ghost world called Phears. Will Max ever get rid of the ghosts?	2005-05-16
Mary Anne's story	The official autobiography of Mary Anne Spier. Mary Anne describes her life with Richard Spier, her dad. She also describes her life when her mother died/ Read this book to find out more. She really is sensitive. Me, I'm sensitive but tough when i fight.	2005-05-16
great!	dragged into a haunted house by his friend, aaron. max finds some objects that he thinks mightb help nicky and tara. but when he takes them home for further research, he upsets a whole colony iof ghosts.	2005-05-16
#70	Karen is happy that Granny and Grandad are living at the little house. But Grandad has not been feeling well. He cannot leave the house. Karen feels sad about Grandad, so she cheers him up. She reads books with him as he rests. Then Grandad gets really sick.	2005-05-16
A Witch!	Karen knows a secret asbout Mrs. Porter, she is a witch called Morbida Destiny. But who will believe her when she tells it?	2005-05-16
Best!	When Claudia baby sits for the new clients, Nate and Joey are nice, well behaved boys but Mr. Nicholls yells at his two childrens and also yells at Mr. Nicholls. Then later, Mr. Nicholls will tell a story to why he's been like that it's so sad!	2005-05-15
Best Jessi Book!	Naturally, Jessi is thrilled when she earns the lead in her dance school's latest ballet. But someone in Jessi's class wants her out of the show, First Jessi's toe shoes are stolen. Second, She gets threatening notes. What kind of ballerina wants to scare Jessi?	2005-05-15
BEST CLAUDIA BOOK!	Claudia wishes she could clone herself to hang out with her seventh grades. A party could do. But her parents wont let her. But wait, Her parents ae going away for 4 days. So Claudia convinces her big sister to do a quiet gathering. But the party isn't quiet and it's not okay. Uh-Oh!	2005-05-15
The Best Book	In One crazy week, The kids at SMS have become teachers. Mallory faces an out of control English class. Mary Anne did the same too. And this is Kristy's first assignement. She will be teaching gym class with Cary Retlin instead they make a teacher feud! Kristy has to win. She only wants the person to teach gym class to kids.	2005-05-15
I found it...	Cary retlin and the Mischief Knights were up to their old tricks. It's not that it's really a mystery. They just did it on purpose like Mary Anne and the LIbrary Mystery. Thanks a lot!, Ann M. Martin for doing a none mystery book.	2005-05-11
Another Cool book	Claudia and the Baby Sittters  are now making a new playground for the kids. But what happens when Mimi had stroke? Everything changes right now.	2005-05-11
Cool Book!	The truth about Stacey is that she has diabetes and her parents are making her life so hard. They run crazy. Stacey has to tell the Baby Sitters Club and stop Mr. McGill and Mrs. McGill from making her life so hard.	2005-05-11
My First BSC FRIENDS FOREVER	The problem why they are fighting is that because they both fell in love to Jeremy. And then, Claudia and Stacey started fighting a lot. All because of Jeremy. Who will Jeremy choose?	2005-05-11
Stacey is back!	Welcome Back To Stoneybrook, Stacey! All the Baqby Sitters are going to happy. And most of all, Charlotte Johanssen, Stacey's favorite kid and always baby sits for will be very happy. But before that, Stacey had to choose where to go with her mom in Stoneybrook or with her dad with New York?	2005-05-11
gREAT!	Someone or something wants the Hatt's away from going back to Stoneybrook. Who would do such a terrible thing? Right now, Kristy calls an emergency meeting because they have a mystery on their hands.	2005-05-11
Interesting	Dawn's trip to California with Jeff sounded good. But her mother and father always fought. Dawn always California was the best but it wasn't. Will Dawn have to go back Stoneybrook? Or will her parents stop fighting a lot?	2005-05-11
Cool!	Everyone is shoxcked when little Jake Kuhn is reported missing, Jake is one of Kristy <br />'s kid in Kristy's Krushers. And Kristy was the last person to see Jake before he disappeared. Even though the BSC and all Jake's friends are helping look for jhim for almost 2 dayS!	2005-05-10
Great!	Abby is suspended from school because of cheating in her math test. And Abby keeps it as a secret. She doesn't want to tell her mother and anna what really happened.	2005-05-10
Dawn how could you!	When the club gets two calls and the adress is the same, they get confused including Dawn. Dawn must solve a family fortune mystery before she goes back to California. Dawn also finds out that she is undercover.	2005-05-10
Cool!	Some is stealing dogs all over Stoneybrook and it's up to Dawn, Mary, Anne, Kristy, Stacey, Mallory and Jessi to stop him. At the ending, The stealer of the dogs is a very surprising person Kristy and the BSC saw!	2005-05-10
Great!	When Jessi gets to baby sit for a TV Star and he is the new boy in school.  Jessi can't handle Danielle, the Superbrat. It's time to teach Danielle a lesson.	2005-05-10
cool	claudia's new passion for photography has her snapping pictures everywhere. at bsc meetings, breakfast and all over stoneybrook. one afternoon she uses up a whole roll of film in the stoneybrook bank. and that's where the mystery starts for Claudia only.	2005-05-10
Cool!	When Mary Anne volunteeers to work for the Readathon[ a contest and if you win you get prizes], the library is getting scary. Because at the back door, Someone set a fire and Mrs. Kishi, Claudia's mom was so worried. Who setted that fire and why did he do it. If the Baby Sitters don't find out, Stoneybrook's biggest library may be lost.	2005-05-10
Great!	Mary Anne's friend died in a car crash. Mary anne's thing is always cry and cry. I didsn't cry in this book. I'm a lot like Kristy, she's tough, i'm tough.	2005-05-10
Great!	Mallory has mon, It means staying in bed for a long time. How will the BSC Survive without Mallory.	2005-05-10
Great!	When Mary Anne baby sits for the Kuhn kids, Jake misses his dad. So Mary Anne brings Logan and everything is fine. When Mrs. Kuhn comes home early, She finds it misunderstanding. Mrs. Kuhn gets mad at Mary Anne for bringing Logan. But lately Mrs. Kuhn haandles Logan well already now.	2005-05-10
Mystery #28	When Abby comes from school one day and finds a baby on her front porch, she's completely mystified. Where did the baby come from. And why did they leave it at the Stevensons' front porch. Abby's mom convinces the authorities to let the baby, whom the family dubbs Eli, stay at their house. Abby and the BSC Needs more ansewrs for Eli!	2005-05-10
Masterpeice!	When Claudia enters the baking contest with Mary anne and Sean, Mary Anne knows they will win the contest. Because Mary Anne and Claudia are planning to build a cake. Soon someone is ruining the contest!	2005-05-10
Cool Mystery!	When Mary Anne baby sits for Luke and Amalia, Luke does not trust his sitter. And Only Luke knows what is happening that Mary Anne does not. This is the Second best baby sitters club mystery i have ever read.	2005-05-10
#95	In this book, Bart wants Kristy to have her a girlfriend, But Kristy does not want to say that she is not in love with Bart. What will Kristy do. In the ending, They became boyfriend and girlfriend.	2005-05-10
WOW!	Logan's father wants Logan to send him to a boarding school. And Mary Anne has so many fears. Mary Anne doesn't want to lose his original boyfriend right. find out if Logan's dad will send him to a boarding school or not.	2005-05-10
I Loved This Book!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the man who gives sleigh rides really be a unicorn. The Bailey School Kids are going to find out.	2005-05-10
WOW!	When Claudia and the BSC notices some burglaries and forgaries inside the museum, They quickly make an emergency meeting. A nd a sculpture is also reported missing. And someone is stealing some valuable things inside the museum. This is probably the Baby Sitters Club Mystery i have read!	2005-05-10
Great!	While Claudia is with Grandmother Madden, A person accuses that Grandmother Madden destroyed all of her friend's painting. Could it be true? Not if Claudia and the BSC can help it?	2005-05-10
????	Mary anne visits Bedford Zoo and there are pretty strange things going on there. Worse, Someone is freeing animals at Bedford Zoo!!	2005-05-10
She's not happy about it.	When Mrs. Amer and Mr. Kingbridge announces to Claudia's parents that she's back in 7th grade, Claudia feels terrible. Why is Baby Sitters Fright Night showing in Claudia Kishi, Middle School Dropout?. That is why i gave it 4stars	2005-05-10
Mystery Mall!	Stacey has to do a project for school so she enters Toy World while Claudia enters Artist Exchange. Vut then shoplifting and burglaries have been going. Can The Baby Sitters track down who is doing these incidents?	2005-05-07
Strange	Claudia's room has been ransacked. And Janine acts strange. Then, Claudia and the BSC finds out that Janine has a boyfriend named, Jerry!	2005-05-07
Great Mystery!	Stacey is going to work at Belliar's Department store. But troubles started happening ever since she joined. The models are getting scared because someone is giving them threatening notes Spooky Ones.	2005-05-07
Good Book	When Claudia has to baby sit for a practicaljoker nemed, Betsy, Claudia has nothing to worry about. Until it becomes bad...	2005-05-07
It was great!	Someone wants to stop the Stoneybrooke Night dance and it's up to Stacey to stop him/her. The spooky part was when Liz was at the dance. Really great. I also recommend you Mystety #29, Stacey and the Fashion Victim. I wish i can give it 100% great!	2005-05-07
????	What's this? When Kristy searches up Thomas in the directory book, Kristy finds a name near her real neme. Is it Kristy's great grandmother? FIND OUT!	2005-05-07
Great!	Stacey loves selling hearts. Until someone is stealing them and bringing them in a place she never expected to see.	2005-05-07
Spooky	Hallowewen is comming! And the kids love Halloween. But then a masked man ruins Halloween!. This is Dawn, Sunny, Jill and Maggie's second mystery. Will the We Love Kids Detectives solve the Spooky Mystery or will the masked man ruin Halloween?	2005-05-07
the Best!	While cleaning up Grandma and Pop=Pop's house, Mary Anne finds a cursed music box that holds a secret pass she did not know in Mystery #5, Mary Anne and the Secret In The Attic.	2005-05-07
Great!	When Kristy and the Krashers are forced to live inside a creepy mansion with a creepy mystery. One of Kristy's Krusher gets scared. They have to sleep there because of a terrible rain. Is Jackie's ghost story true like lights going on and off, a dead woman, ...	2005-05-07
Some Pig	The character of Charlotte's Web is of course a pig.  <br /> <br />The Plot is in the Zuckermans' farm not in Fern's house.  <br /> <br />While Fern had him she always took care of little Wilbur, the pig. Fern had saved this little pig from a certain death. She didn't want her father killing a baby pig. But as when Wilbur grows, Mr. Arable, Fern's father says Wilbur has to go. So they gave it to the Zuckermans. And there, Wilbur had a great adventure in the Zuckermans' farm also meeting Charlotte with her baby spiders.  <br /> <br />SOME PIG: <br /> <br />These are the words in Charlotte's Web, high in the barn. Her spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named Wilbur, as well as the feelings of a little girl named Fern... who loves Wilbur, too. Their love has been shared by millions of readers. <br /> <br />What the book is about is friendship on earth, affection and protection, adventure, miracle, life and death, trust and treachery, pleasure and pain, and the passing of time. As a  piece of work it is just about perfect, and just about magical in the way it is done. <br /> <br />High caprice on a farm, handled with wit and wisdom, that serves to put an imperfect world back into joint. <br /> <br />You may also like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, James and the Giant Peach and The Chocolate Touch which i have.	2005-05-06
Great Book!	While trying to find her lovable kitten with the help of the other members of the Baby Sitters Club, Mary Anne almost loses her boyfriend named, Logan.	2005-05-06
Cool!	Mike loves hanging out in his father's little museum. It is full of cool stuff like a mummy, a bunch of spooky figures. Mike loves the suit of armor until he notices some strange eyes inside the armor.	2005-04-26
Part 2	Becky's heard of the evil ghost who lives in the cemetery. And now Pete has possesed Becky.	2005-04-26
Cool!	Al's stink bomb does not explode. And it doesn't smell. Some chemistry Al thinks because there is an alien inside.	2005-04-26
Cool!	When Jane and Lewis find themselves trapped underground, ghastly vampire worms lead them to a couple of pale colored strangers. The cave people claim they can't tolerate even the smallest amount. Then Jane finds out that they are all vampires!	2005-04-26
Cool!	After a terrible dust storm came, a mysterious lady comes to Bailey City like a martian!. Howie and Eddie and Melody believe Nurse Redding is a martian while Liza disagrees!	2005-04-24
It was a little great	On a class trip to the Shelley Museum, the kids meet Dr. Victor and his assistant, Frank. Liza has just read a book about FRANKENSTEIN and she thinks Frank is Frankenstein's monster.	2005-04-24
Creepy!	There are some weirg grownups in Bailey City. But could Mrs. Jeepers, the third grade teacher with green glowing fingernails and a mysterious brooch, really turn into a vampire at her own party? The Bailey School Kids Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-24
A California Mystery?	Surfs Up! Dawn is back on the coast just in time for the big surfing competition. She loves catching those waves. But soon Dawn has a mystery on her hands. Thrash, the most radical surfer around, has mysteriously disappeared. Only his bashed up surfboard and his ghost remains. Can Dawn solve her California mystery without the help of the BSC?	2005-04-24
Super Spooky!	Mary Anne got a new job in the bookstore. But this bookstore is not ordinary. Things started popping out. There are black cats, black crows. Mary Anne have another mystery on her hands.	2005-04-24
Cool!	By the oak tree in the playground, there is a tiny bottle. Eddie toses the ball in the junkyard while melody wishes someone would clean the mess. And someone does. Lots of wishes are coming true in Bailey City. Maybe a genie has moved next door to Liza's house?	2005-04-24
Matt's Fault!	Poor Matt. When Matt is not allowed to sleep in the guest room, He sneaks at night and goes to sleep... And when  he wakes up at Chapter 3 in the book. Something terrifying has happened...	2005-04-23
Beware!	Jacklyn used to live with her Aunt Greta in Chicago. But not anymore. Because they are going to move to a scary town with a big, mean alive snowman!	2005-04-23
Great!	There are these 4 Bailey School Kids who solved a lot of great Mysteries named Howie, Melody, Liza and Eddie. Howie is this kid who is serious about solving mysteries. Melody for me is a little bit bossy sometimes. Liza is this girl who is kind. Eddie is this kid who always goofs off. Each book has to have characters, plot, problem, solution. I was addicted to these books when i was 8. It really makes me funny about Eddie. I have only read as in red The Bailey School Kids at least 31 of them. Sometimes the book may get boring but most of all it's enjoyable. Debbie dadey and Marcia Thorton Jones have written so many books like Bailey School Kids, Bailey City Monsters, Triplet Trouble.... But most of all i only read Bailey School Kids and Bailey City Monsters. I have heard that the Bailey School Kids has reached 52 titles. However, this is the 33th book. Sometimes, when i read books like these it  irritates me. Why, Because when i read Knights Don't Teach Piano, At the ending, I hated it that Lance had to rush back to England. Until now i'm still addicted these books which is now I am 13 years old. I have already visited Debbie and Marcia Thorton Jones's website. If you want to visit it just type [...] Now for the story: <br /> <br />Liza, Melody, Eddie and Howie have another mystery on their hands. When they went to Ruby Mountain for snowboarding, They meet a large man. That's funny, Why would a large man be snowbosrding on Ruby Mountain. Plus, He gives snowboarding lessons. Could he really be a giant lurking on Ruby Mountain? Meanwhile, The kids mweet Jack, a cool guy who loves snowboarding. By the way, the large man's name is Hugh.  <br /> <br />There are so many plots in the story. The main plot is Ruby Mountain where they met Hugh. I wish the Bailey School Kids Books have longer pages. Oh well, It won't do any harm anyway.  <br /> <br />I'm inviting you to join the Bailey School Kids Fan Club. When you join, you get a Membership Card, Bookends, Free Vampire Nail,Two BSK Books called Skeletons Don't Play Tubas and Gargoyles Don't Drive School Buses. I have already joined the club. Until now i am still haunting #34 which i can't find then. <br /> <br />****So keep in mind, Debbie Dadey and Marcia Thornoton Jones are the author of the Bailey School Kids, Bailey City Monsters, Triplet Trouble, Ghostville Elementary. The Bailey school Kids have 52 titles, The Bailey City Monsters have 9 titles, The Triplet Trouble have at least 25 titles, Ghostville Elementary have 13 titles.***** <br /> <br />If i were you, I'll try to haunt all of them!	2005-04-22
Shannon Kilbourne, Straight A Student	Being an associate member of the BSC is perfect for Shannon, because it leaves her plenty of time for studying and all her activities. School is especially important to Shannon now, because if she keeps on her grade up in French, she'll be able to go on a special class trip to Paris. Lately, Shannon's been having problems with her mom. Mrs. Kilbourne is practically running Shannon's life. And there's a bigger prob. to all of this later.	2005-04-22
Boring!	All right, The book was boring because at first it gets scary then later it gets boring. And Alan Gray was the Phantom Caller. And ther's an ugly reason why he made it.	2005-04-22
Great!	Poor Logan. The kids at school are always busting for being a boy baby sitter. And then Logan blows a track that even causes SMS to lose the meet. Until T-Jam, the coolest guy at school suddenly asks Logan to hang out with him. Being around with T-Jam and his tough crowd is exciting. They do daring things. They live on the edge. But pretty soon, Logan gets himself into major trouble. And not even Mary Anne and the Baby Sitters can help him this time.	2005-04-22
Oh, for heaven's sake!	Why did Stacey had to be so mean to the Baby Sitters Club!. Doesn't she ever know that Charlotte Johanssen misses her?. I wished to give this book a 0.	2005-04-22
Dracula	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But Could the new guidance counselor really be Dracula, the famous vampire. The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2005-04-20
Don't Call Them Chicken Legs!	Everyone in Goshen Falls knows about Weird Vanessa. She dresses all in black. Wears black lipstick. And puts spell on people. At least, that's what they say. Cyrstal and Cole know you can't believe everything you hear. But that was before they made Vanessa mad. Before she whispered this warning \\"Chicken Chicken\\". Because now something really weird has happened.	2005-04-20
Werewolves	There are some weird grownups in Bailey city. But could the new Camp Director of Camp Lone Wolf really a werewolf? The BSK [kids] are going to find out!	2005-04-20
Angels	There are weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the new karate teacher who seems to be guarding the kids and granting wishes really be an angel. The Bailey School Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-20
Robots	There are weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the new drama teacher directing the class play really be a robot. The Bailey School Kids Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-20
Ogres	There are weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the man fixing up the park for the town Easter Egg Hunt really be an ogre?	2005-04-20
Poor!	The book was poor. and it was too long. Mary anne and the secret in the attic was better than this <br />	2005-04-20
Hercules?	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the new dentist who has extra large muscles really be Hercules? The Bailey School Kids Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-20
I wish to give it a 10!	This book showed me lots of mysteries, funny stuffs and jokes. Could the subtitute art teacher really be an alien?	2005-04-20
Elves	There are some weird grownups in Baily City. But could the short construction workers building the school playground really be a bunch of elves working on a secret present? THe Bailey School Kids Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-20
Gargoyles	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the new bus driver who looks like a statue on top of the old library really be a living gargoyle? The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2005-04-20
Great!	Mary Anne's mother died when she was a baby. And since it makes Mr. Spier too sad to talk about her. Mary Anne hardly knows a thing about her mother. Mary Anne respects her father's feelings. But lately, she has to find out aboutb her mother. So Mary anne does something she knows is wrong. She goes up to the creepy attic in her and Dawn's house for evidence. And there Mary Anne finds something she wishes she never had...	2005-04-20
Zombies!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But Could the new soccer coach really be a zombie haunting the soccer feild? The Bailey School Kids Are going To Find Out!	2005-04-19
Cyclops?	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the doctor who has come to check everyone's eyes really be a Cyclops? THE BAILEY SCHOOL ARE GOING TO FIND OUT!	2005-04-19
Monsters!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the swimming teacher at Camp Lone Wolf really be a sea monster? The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2005-04-19
Great Book!	What's going on with the BSC? Meetings have never been like this before. Members are showing up late, arguing about jobs, even pushing to get rid of Friday meetings. Extra schoolwork is making everybody tense, too. Then a favorite sitting charge gets hurt, right under Kristy's nose. It feels like the last straw to Kristy. Maybe she's not a good baby sitter-and maybe the BSC is not such a great idea. But Kristy still disbanded it.	2005-04-19
Phantoms?	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the strange man who plays in the orchestra, wears a cape and always has one side of his face shaded really be a phantom haunting the opera? THE BAILEY SCHOOL KIDS ARE GOING TO FIND OUT!	2005-04-19
Sea Monsters!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But is the winning rider at the motorcycle races really be a sea monster? THE BAILEY SCHOOL ARE GOING TO FIND OUT!	2005-04-19
Great!	There are some weird grownups in bailey city. But could the new gymnastic teacher who cast rythmes that come true really be a witch? The Bailey School are going to find out!	2005-04-19
The Best!	SMS needs to hire 6 baby sitters to build a playground. But there is a problem. There are 9 baby sitters. Mary anne finally stood up to tomboy Kristy and challenged her on traveling abroad if she was planning to take a playground job in Stoneybrook. Now the fight is getting more serious by the minute. It's Abby, Stacey, Kristy vs. Mary anne and Claudia. as usual near the ending, they all apologize to each other at the ending. But still Kristy, Abby, stacey still travel abroad.	2005-04-19
Gremlins!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the substitute school secretary really be a gremlin messing up the electricity. the Bailey School Kids Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-19
Pirates!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the boat instructor at Camp lone Wolf really be a pirate searching for money and treasures? The Bailey School Kids Are Going To Find Out!	2005-04-19
Santa Claus?	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the new jolly janitor be really Santa Claus? The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2005-04-19
Ghosts	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could Aunt Mathilda really be haunted by a hungry ghost? The Bailey School Are going To Find out!	2005-04-19
Goblins!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the new computer teacher at school really be a tricky goblin? THE BAILEY SCHOOL ARE GOING TO FIND OUT!	2005-04-19
Secret Of Susan	As you all know, Kristy has a friend who is an autistic child named Susan. I remembered when Zack Wolfson and Mel Tucker made fun of her. Mrs. Feldon said that if she was going to the bathroom she justs goes by hereself. I really Loved this book. Then Kristy learns an amazing secret from Susan.	2005-04-19
Bigfoot!	There are some weird grownups in Bailey City. But could the very large hairy man with huge feet really be legendary Bigfoot? THE BAILEY SCHOOL ARE GOING TO FIND OUT!	2005-04-19
Not Funny!	I'm so dissapointed at the BSK Joke book. I shared them to my cousins, relatives and classmates but thy were not funny. So i just sold it for $3.99 to get my money back.	2005-04-19
WOW!	What a great book this is. i highly recommend \\"Mary Anne And the Little princess 10 stars. The story is Mary Anne baby sits for a British child.	2005-04-19
Poor Ramsey family!	Jessi is filled with holiday excitement. She loves Christmas, and she can't wait for Kwanzaa, when her whole family- including out-of-town relatives-will celebrate together.<br /><br />But then a terrible accident occurs. Squirt hurst his head in a car crash and is rushed to the hospital.<br /><br />Everyone is relieved to find out that Squirt will be okay. But meanwhile, the stress of the accident has taken it's toll on the family.<br /><br />If holidays are supposed to be being together, then why is Jessi's family being pulled far apart?	2005-04-18
The Best!	Here is the description for each <br /> <br />Nightmare in 3D-wes parker is trying to pay back Corny and Gabby for what they have done from him. So he buys an ugly poster. Sure enough, He sees an alive preying mantis inside the poster and it wants to go out of the poster! <br /> <br />The Bugman Lives!-Janet did not mean to disturb the Bugman. She was only mowing the lawn when she ran into his tomb. Now insects attack her everywhere. Janet is scared, Could the Bugman be out of it's grave seeking revenge? <br /> <br />Halloween Bugs Me!-Greg Dreamer is sick of Derek's bragging. It seems like it's always a competition for derek. So Greg gets a white bag. And anything you put in it will multiply!	2005-04-18
Why?	Ann Martin did the worst thing ever! I hated this story of Mallory leaving Stoneybrook and going to a boarding school.	2005-04-18
Haunted?	Dawn has always thought there was a secret passage hidden in her house. But she never thought there was a ghost...until now. All kinds of creepy things go whenever Dawn's at home. There are even spooky noises behind her bedroom wall! <br /> <br />Dawn is sure there's a ghost in her house. And so are the other BSC Members. But they are so busy with their baby sitting jobs that they hardly have time for a ghost hunt. Will Dawn and her friends solve the spooky mystery or will Dawn have to share her house...with a ghost?	2005-04-18
GREAT!	The Stories <br /> <br />Hide And Shriek-Randy Clay can't believe how many friends she make in Shadyside. Until they tell the story of Pete who's been dead for a 100 years. They say Pete likes the new kid. Randy is terrified. If the ghost tags her, she won't be the newest kid anymore. She will be the newest ghost. <br /> <br />Spell Of The Screaming Jokers-When Brittany and her friends play deck cards with Max, the sick new kid in their class. They see jokers. and the jokers are alive. They each give you suit. If you have 4 suit in all, Something terrible will happen. <br /> <br />Field Of Screams-When Buddy Sanders says he wants to play on a cool baseball team, it happens but time went backward! Then there is a serious accident that will happen. Buddy has to change the past so that the accident will not happen. If not they will all die!	2005-04-18
THE BSC IS BORN!	Kristy's mom needs a baby sitter for David Michael so she starts the BSC and asks 3 girls from her neighborhood named Stacey, Mary Anne and Claudia if they want to join and said yes. They make a club notebook to what's happening in the baby sitting jobs. But the BSC was not this easy. Some other things were difficult to solve. Maybe Kristy's idea has never been great.	2005-04-18
THE BEST!	It's Sea City part 2 when Mary Anne and stacey go back to sea City. Vannesa Pike has a crush on the ice cream parlor man only to mention that the ice cream man has a crush on Mallory pike. Mary anne has also a crush on alex. Will a summer romance come between Mary Anne and Logan? Will Vannesa's heart be broken by the ice cream man? there's a reason for all of this. <br />NOTE: THERE ARE TOO MANY BOYS IN SEA CITY!	2005-04-17
Perfect!	When The BSC accepts Jeff and the Pikes as baby sitting training. Something is wrong. There are too many sitters.	2005-04-17
Interesting!	Claudia is surprised when her math teacher accuses her of cheating. Can the BSC Members help clear her name?	2005-04-17
Great!	The Story Of This book happens in Halley Broddock's house. When Claudia baby-sits for Haley, Haley starts lying about her homework. Can Claudia make Haley stop making lyings about her homework?	2005-04-17
WOW!	When Kristy baby sits for the Kilbourne house, Tiffany and Maria tries to make Shannon's life easy. By cleaning her room and correcting her homework. When it did not work, Tiffany and Maria makes Shannon's life harder. Soon, Shannon is getting mad. And the sister war is on. No more Ms. Nice Kids!	2005-04-17
The Best!	This time, Somebody fights Kristy, the tomboy. The BSC are getting mad. Someone is really making them mad!	2005-04-17
WOW!	Mary anne's father and dawn's mother are getting married. Now best friends Mary Anne and Dawn are not only best friends, they are stepsisters now!	2005-04-17
Great!	When Dawn baby sits for the Baretts', Dawn thinks baby sitting there is easy. First, The Barett House was dirty so they had to clean it. Second, Kristy hates Dawn of being a BSC Member. Kristy is jealous of Dawn because Mary Anne spends more time with her old friend, Kristy than her new friend, Dawn.	2005-04-17
Great!	When Mallory and Jessi fight, Mary Anne tries to make their relationship back. Anyway, Mal is having a hard time at SMS. So Mal goes to a boarding school, After you read this, Get \\"THE ALL NEW MALLORY PIKE\\"	2005-04-17
She is falling in love to-	-Scott! Mary Anne and Stacey spends 2 full weeks in New Jersey's shore. Because they will help Mrs. Pike take care of the young siblings. But lately, Stacey has not been taking care of them because she fell in love with Scott, the lifeguard. It seems like Mary anne is the only one taking care of the siblings!	2005-04-17
Great!	abby has to learn that winning is not everything. Because when she plays and she gets wrong, she gets angry!	2005-04-17
Fine	The book was not really good for me. Stacey really has an ex boyfriend. Could it be Laine?	2005-04-17
Why did they make it hard for Mallory?	Mallory pike has always wanted to be a member of the BSC. First, they test her with a test they don't know. Second, Claudia makes Mallory feel like a baby on her first baby sitting job. So Mallory and Jessi got irritated and they started their own club called \\"Kids Incorporated\\".	2005-04-14
She knows sign language!	When Jessi baby sits for Matt Braddock, Matt is a special child. So Jessi teaches him a sign language.	2005-04-14
Not A Scary Book it's an adventure book!	I rated this book 3 because it's not a scary book it's an adventure book. Scott and Glen used the water in Fear Lake for their aqua apes to grow. Scott notices it's teeth, it grows sharper.	2005-04-14
Impressive!	While helping Stacey move back into her house, Mallory finds an old diary about a girl namd Sophie, she used to lived here when it was the year of 1970 i think. So when the BSC goes up to the attic, they found a painting of Sophie!	2005-04-14
All Wendy's fault!	If Wendy did not take the werewolf charm, then she won't grow any furs. But she took, now furs grow everywhere in her body. It's really her fault.	2005-04-14
Great!	There are csome weir grownups in Bailey City but could the new baker who makes the best pumpkin pies really be a ninja in town trying to steal some valuable Japanese art? The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2005-04-14
Funny!	When sam eats a black pudding in his rice. He started eating things like rats, sponge, worms even glue. Somebody has to stop Sam from eating everything in Fear Street.	2005-04-14
Amazing!	can you believe it? Everyone at SMS has to write an autobiography. So Stacey been looking through photo albums and trying to remember the past-the god and the bad. Like when she was 5 and got to be in Macy's Thanksgiving Parade. And When she was 8 and Laine and she got in trouble. She has been writing about her  diabetes, before the divorce, and even Stoneybrooke and the BSC. In fact, everything right up until this minute So this is her life-WELCOME TO IT!	2005-04-14
Claudia is a traitor!	When Claudia makes a friendship with Ashley, Claudia does not join the BSC meetings anymore it's like she throws a temper tantrum. Mary Anne, Staey, Kristy and Dawn are raging war. They will do anything to make Claudia join the BSC MEETINGS!	2005-04-14
R.I.P. Here lies the Bugman	Janet did not mean to disturb the Bugman when she ran into his tomb. Now insects surround her. It looks like the Bugman is getting revenge.	2005-04-14
mystery!	mary anne finds a note in her mailbox ''wear this bad luck charm or else''. mary anne's got to do what it says but who sent the charm?	2005-04-14
Better!	Kristy and the Mother's day Surprise is better than Dawn On the Coast. The Pike kids are preparing a super meal for Mrs. Pike from many siblings. Kristy and Watson are going to adopt Emily Michelle for Mrs. Thomas.	2005-04-14
So Romantic!	I really feel stupid about ordering this book. Why did i do it?. The story is that Stacey is moving Back to New york.	2005-04-14
Great!	Sarah thinks her family is embarrasing. She wished she belonged to another family who's not embarrasing. Then she finds a coin. One side is the lady and the other is the ugly lizard. She flips it and it lands. Suddenly, she wakes up and has a new family. Her family is awesome. She is popular and she has a brother. She can flip the coin anytime she wants to go back to the reality world. But her fake father gets it. Now she's stuck in this cool family and it's her fault!	2005-04-14
Great!	Claudia's In Trouble at school. If she fails one more English test, she's not going to pass the class. No seems to understand how hard it is for Claudia to do well. No one except Shea Rodowsky. Shea has a learning problem, which makes schoolwork extra frustrating for him. Shea haes feeling stupid just as Claudia does. But together, they're going to show those teachers just how smart they can be!	2005-04-13
Great!	Quiet, shy, sensitive Mary Anne has growing up lately... and the BSC aren't the only ones who've noticed. Logan Bruno Likes Mary Anne! He has a dreamy southern accent, he's awfully cute-and he wants to join the BSC. Life in the club has never been this complicated or fun!	2005-04-13
Best book!	Stacey's so excied! She's invited the BSC members to New York City for a long a weekend. But there are things that Stacey did not expect. Dawn acts like a guidebook. But what a mistake! <br />The Baby Sitters are way out of  place in the big city. Does this mean Stacey can't be the Baby sitters' friend anymore?	2005-04-13
One Of The Best!	When 11 year old Mallory baby sits for Marilyn and Carolyn Arnold, she thinks it's going to be okay. But when Mrs. Arnold leaves, the twins turn into horrible brats. Taking care of The Arnold Twins is a baby sitting nightmare. But Mallory's a responsible member of the BSC- and she's not giving up!	2005-04-13
Impressive!	Kristy is going to be a bridesmaid because Kristy's mom and Watson Brewer are getting married! And if that's enough, she and the other BSC members have 14 wedding guest kids to take care off. Only the BSC cloud cope this one!	2005-04-13
Great book!	When Kristy meets her new neighbor, Her neighbors are not friendly, in fact...they are snobs. They always laugh at everything. they even laugh at Kristy's poor collie. Kristy is getting mad. Kristy and THE BSC must teach them a lesson!	2005-04-13
They Have To Win!	Kristy's little brother, David Michael and Karen wants to play on a softball team, so Kristy starts a ragtag team of her own. With Jackie Rodowsky, The Walking Disaster, playing for them, Kristy's Krushers aren't world champions. But nobody beats them when it comes to team spirit. Now i told you they have to win because there is someone bullying them, It's Bart's Bashers. The Bashers are laughing at them because they even have a baby on their team. Plus, Kristy's Krushers does not do well. <br /> <br />When someone makes a mistake, we should laugh at them, right? We should also bully our neighbors like Bart's Bashers did to Kristy's Krushers. I guess people aren't just kind to your neighbors. Some of them might be bad. This is why i wrote this moral lesson: When i was on Grade 4, i was like a tough guy like Kristy, but i was tougher than her before. I kept writing notes to my enemies, i even stole a book from the school. It al changed when i bought this book. This book had manners whether to laugh at people or not. I wished Bart's Bashers just helped Kristy's Krushers instead of laughing at them.  <br /> <br />In the Baby sitters club series there are 131 issues. But i only have Kristy's Great Idea, Claudia And Phantom Phone Calls, Mary Anne Saves The Day, Dawn And The Impossible Three, Boy Crazy Stacey, The Ghost At Dawn's House, Claudia And The New Girl, Hello Mallory, Mary Anne's Bad Luck Mystery, Mallory And The Trouble With Twins, Dawn's Wicked Stepsister, Mary Anne And Too Many Boys, Claudia's Friend, Kristy's Worst Idea, Happy Holidays, Jessi, Stacey, The Math Whiz, Claudia Makes Up Her Mind. <br /> <br />After the book, there is a special note from Ann. M Martin saying that \\"Jackie Rodowsky was already in \\"LOGAN LIKES MARY ANNE\\". <br /> <br />After the note, There is a letter about the author, Saying that she has published Baby Little Sister, BSC, BSC Mysteries, Me And Katie[The Pest[. <br /> <br />After that, There are notebook pages asking your name, Whatis your grade and so on. There is also a notebook page about \\"KRISTY AND THE WALKING DISASTER\\". <br /> <br />There are pages saying that read all of Kristy Books like Kristy's Great Idea, Kristy's Big Day, Kristy And The Snobs, Kristy And The Walking Disaster, Kristy And the Mother's Day Surprise, Kristy And The Secret Of Susan, Kristy's Mystery Admirer.... <br /> <br />After that, There's a special order form i hadn't used yet. I Think other girls[ not me] shall join THE BABY SITTERS CLUB. <br />I really enjoyed this book. This book has many funs!	2005-04-13
Dawn is jealous	Mrs. Pike wants Dawnto help prepare Margo and Claire for the Little Miss Stoneybrooke Contest. And Dawn wants her charges to win. the only trouble is Kristy, Claudia, Mary Anne are helping Karen, Myriah and Charlotte enter the contest too! And nobody's sure where the competition is fiercer: at the pegeant or at the baby sitters club?	2005-04-13
I really liked this book!	Rather than making you want to stat out of the water, Deep Trouble might inspire you to dive in  exlpore caves.<br /><br />While taking their summer vacation with their Uncle [Dr. D], a scientist. Billy and his sister Sheena found a mermaid. Things take a turn for the worse when Billy actually finds one.<br /><br />Deep Trouble is not a horror book, It's more like an adventure book. There is an intense run in with a hammerhead shark that's good for chills. Recommended reading for sea monster fans.	2005-04-12
This Book Started A New Series!	R.L. Stine and his Goosebumps series were just starting To be popular to my cousins in the year of 1993-1994 school year [second grade for me]. Everybody was talking about Goosebumps how cool it was. that is, except me. I remember thinking \\"Ther's no such things as monsters\\". Boy i was now addicted to these books too!<br /><br />How wrong i was.<br /><br />Curiosity killed this cat and in the eight years i have<br /><br />read Goosebumps #1-62!<br /><br />Welcome To Dead House was the one who started it all and it is a classic, in this reviwer's opininion. This book is definitely darker in tone than some of his later books, and i really enjoyed it!<br /><br />**** So keep in mind, R.L. Stine has made a lot of books already like the Fear Street, Goosebumps, Mostly Ghostly. When some books are really long that reach pp. 128-139 [as far as i know], they are for the age of 12 and above<br /><br />But if some books have some pages until 111-121[ as far as i know], there are for the ages of 9-11. The Goosebumps series sometimes can make your hair stand on the end because you might not know what will be next. In R.L. Stine's Goosebumps Presents, We all know that Goosebumps Presents have really few pages. But Goosebumps presents is enjoyable because of 8 pages of pictures from the TV Show. Next, We enter in R.L. Stine's Goosebumps Series 2000, As you see There are 25 series in the goosebumps 2000. Like the Original Goosebumps, Goosebumps Series 2000 has only reached sometimes pp. 112-119 so tht is for the ages of 9-12. some Goosebumps series 2000 has reached a page of 122, p 126, that means it's for the age of 12 and above. Next is R.L. Stine's Give Yourself Goosebumps. Give Yourself Goosebumps is that you choose the adventure with 20 scary endings. Of course the pages are too long but ages 9-11 can still read it. There are other stuff about Goosebumps. If you want to visit Goosebumps in the web just type the following [...] and you will see Goosebumps!****	2005-04-12
So many tales!	I loved this book. My favorite story was You gotta believe me because no one believes stanley that at night aliens and spacecraft land in their place. <br />Tales are: <br />1.The werewolf's first night <br />2.P.S. Don't Write Back <br />3.Something Fishy <br />4.You Gotta Believe Me! <br />5.Suckers <br />6.Dr. Horror's House Of Video <br />7.The Cat's tale <br />8.???? P.S. I'm never going to tell you the 8th tale <br />9.Poison Ivy <br />10.The Spirit Of The Harvest Moon	2005-04-11
Ready for another round of terror?	Lizzie and Luke and clay survived their first visit to Horrorland. Now they are going back. First they meet two reporters, Margo and Derek. So when they were back at Horrorland. Margo said that they will just interview them to how dangerous Horrorland will be. But something happens horrible...	2005-04-11
THE BEST!!!!!!	Heidi goes to stay at Uncle Jekyll's house. First, she meets Aaron. Aaron was like a goofy guy. Forget about it. Now Heidi meets her cousin. Uncle Jekyll is always at his science lab. And Heidi begins to wonder that is Uncle Jekyll a mad scientist. Plus, she hears growling sounds. Then there was a tale Uncle Jekyll related. When Uncle Jekyll and her cousin, Marriana were at the woods. A creature surprised them and bit Marriana in the hand. Now she found out the truth. But it's to late	2005-04-11
Great!	Mallory baby sits for Margaret and Sophie. Then they hear a cat's meow. So they bake cookies first then they continue the search. Wow!. there are many secret passages in Sophie and Margaret's house. I think Mallory is scared. Because she said \\"Margaret's idea have given me the chills!\\". So please order it used or new!. Oops! One last reminder, Please look for Mystery #4, Kristy and the missing child cause i have it now.	2005-04-09
They wrestled until they found something..	Freddy Martinez and his friend Cara are the tough ones at school. One day, While wrestling on the floor Cara accidentaly bumped Freddy and they saw a secret door. They followed the tunnel until they saw another door. When they opened the door, They saw a coffin. they opened it and saw Vampire Breath. Then Count Nightwing shows himself. When he was at the room, It looks like Count N. got amnesia because he does not know what's he doing. He went back to his past and Freddy and cara was there too. When i was in the ending, Freddy found out that Count nightwing was his grandfather. So Freddy's family were a parents of vampire!. Meanwhile, Cara saw Werewolf Sweat that turned her into a werewolf!.	2005-04-09
The empty house	Stacey baby sits for the Bashers. She loves it. Then she notices something strange at the old house. It looks like someone is hiding in that empty house. As usual, Kristy is the leader of any mysteries they will have. So they unravel clues as to what was happening at that empty house.	2005-04-09
Great!	Kristy and the Vampires had surprised me. I was curious about the book so i bought. Kristy and the Vampires, is the story about a vampire movie being shot in Stonybrooke. As usual, there are baby sitting jobs in the MYSTERY BOOKS. Better find out more. It's the best in the whole world.	2005-04-09
Impressive!	When Kristy heard that Derek is making a movie called \\"Mystery train\\" they think it's great. This book is connected to Kristy and the missing child. Because now Derek is missing. Now Nicky and Derek's friends have to find him.	2005-04-09
2nd to the last book	Why did ricky try to play that joke on Tasha? Now the joke's on him-The creeps are crank calling him. and these Creeps are icky lizards. we find out later that Brenda, wart, David are the creeps. They were the ones who planted The Identity seeds. Ricky was forced to place the Identity seeds in the Tuna Surprise. Luckily, nobody eats tuna Surprise. The Creeps plan had failed. Wrong, the Creeps had more and they were going to put it in the cookies when there was Food or bake sale. What will happen to Tasha? Will Ricky get his revenge? <br /> <br />So far so good. like i said this is the 2nd to the last book. This book has 8 pages of pictures like the others i reviwed like TV Book #9 Go eat worms, TV Book #11 Let's get invisible, TV Book #10 Bad hare Day like that. But i wished The goosebumps presents had more pages. My parents did not have a hard time buying Goosebumps Books.  <br /> <br />***So keep in mind- The Goosebumps presents has few pages like 59 pages until 60pages. The Original goosebumps has 112-138 pages [as far as i know]. The short original goosebumps Books are for 9-10 years old. The Long Original Goosebumps books are for 11-12 years old. Goosebumps books are still allowed until age 16 [as far as i know]*** <br /> <br />Reader Beware- Your i for a scare. Read if you dare! <br />Happy reading Goosebumps Fans =)	2005-04-08
scary	Your new swamp-side house is hiding a few secrets-Hidden treasure and an evil curse! Should you open the 200 year old diary or look into the magic telescope? more than 20 different endings featuring swamp creatures, scorpions, and a ghost!	2005-04-08
The best!	More Monster Blood thrills1 the Blood is back and this time it's blue! A shiny wet giant slug is growing bigger bigger until...POP! Now there are two and they are multiplying fast!	2005-04-08
Spook-tactular	You and your cousin gina are going to Tiki Island. The residents are afraid of the curse and people are disappearing in that island. But you don't care. You and Gina just snorkeled. Then, you and Gina find a cave and you also see a glowing thing. Should you follow Gina in the cave or go after that glowing thing?	2005-04-08
So scary!	This is my most favorite book! Whoever made this book. He was a genuis. I already watched this show on Nick Junior	2005-04-08
It was alive	Something is very fishy about the shell. It seems as if someone was moving. At night, The shell seems to open and a big creature pops out!	2005-04-05
It All started When Danny got angry	Danny can't believe it. His parents are always scolding him. When Danny gets angry floating objects swarm around him. His closet is always messy and his room is so messy that's why he is scolded. He tells that he does not do it. Nobody believes him except the real culprit.	2005-04-05
Gross Peoples!	Emma toll knows that something is wrong with her neighbors. Her neighbors are like ... VAMPIRES!	2005-04-05
They Are Everywhere	Some weird spaceships landed on Spooksville. Adam, Sally and watch go check it but Cindy can't because she sprained her ankle. Sally, adam and watch met gruesome aliens. They even had a friend who's name is EK. EK is a friendly alien. Lately, Adam and watch were izzy and the next thing they knew they were on a spaceship.	2005-04-05
Nice book	Ann Templeton is leaving Spooksville but ann grants Adam and his friends a wish. The wish was cool but lately, it's tearing them apart!. Now they really are sure that Ann is a witch because now they have to defeat some alien morphers.	2005-04-05
Horrifying Book!	When alex signs in for the hockey team, He realizes that the other team plays bad. All the other hockey players on that team only says \\"WE GOTTA WIN, WE GOTTA WIN\\". Later, alex finds out the truth about these hockey players.	2005-04-05
Scary	I wish to give this a ten because Camp Full moon has so many traditions and they tell a legend about THE SNATCHER. The Snatcher is a fox. But could the legend be true?. Dustin and ari switched identities to play a mean joke. Every year, The Snatcher wants someone to challenge him. But this year, The real ari was supposed to be the one but they switched identities. Poor Dustin, He will have to challenge THE SNATCHER himself. When i was on CHAPTER 23, Dustin found out that Noah and half Camp Full Moon kids are ghosts.	2005-04-03
How can Claudia decide?	Mrs. Amer said that Claudia can go back to 8th grade. Claudia has a hard time whether will she go to 8th grade or remain in 7th grade with her steady boyfriend, Mark?. This one is the best!. Will Claudia remain in 7th grade or skip to 8th grade? <br />	2005-03-31
Good!	Mary Ane has never a leader of the BSC. She's left that up to Kristy or Claudia or stacey. But now there's a big fight among the four friends, and Mary Anne doesn't have them to depend anymore. <br />It's bad enough when she's left alone at the lunch table at school. But when she has to baby sit for a sick child without any help from the members, Mary Anne knows it's time to take charge. <br />The Baby sitters Club is going to fall apart unless somebody does something fast!. Maybe it's time for Mary Anne to save the day. <br /> <br />There is a letter from Ann Martin saying that if you have real emergency, don't panic. Just call the girl or boy's parents then they will come to the house and bring the child to the doctor. If you want to read about baby sitting or find out how to handle baby sittings emergencies, Look in your local bookstore or library \\"THE BABY SITTERS CLUB GUIDE TO BABY SITTING\\". <br /> <br />there are also notebook pages in this book like \\"I SAVED THE DAY WHEN..... <br /> <br />There are photos of Mary anne too. One from saying Party Girl Age 4, Second is she is sitting for Jenny and Andrea Prezzioso, Third is sitting for the Pikes, Fourth is showing Mary anne and logan at sea city and last the picture about her family.	2005-03-28
Can't they be friends again?	When mary anne's father and Dawn's mother were married, Mary Anne And Dawn used to be Best Friends but now they are rivals. Mary Anne and Dawn are getting into a fight here. Jeff tries to stay out of it. But how will Mary Anne and Dawn be friends? <br /> <br />At the end of the book, There is a letter explaining to you why it is called \\"Dawn's Wicked Stepsister\\". Just guess that maybe that she has a stepsister and they also get into a fight <br /> <br />After the letter, There is a notebook page that explains when did you read it, when did you finish..... <br /> <br />After that, there is special photos about Dawn showing her when she was a baby, They also show her having a spooky mystery at their old farmhouse. <br /> <br />Later, ann Martin wrote something that read all the books about Dawn. I only have Dawn and the impossible Three, The Ghost At dawn's House and this book about Dawn and for the mysteries i Have Beware, Dawn!. <br /> <br />so keep in mind: If there are photo pictures of the BSC Members in those books, Order it. <br />HAPPY READING, BSC FANS!	2005-03-28
Wow!	This is the 1st GOFS book. In this story, Randy Clay cannot believe how much friends she has in Fear Street. When it is Halloween, ghost kids rise from their graves including Pete. Pete is a ghost that plays hide and shriek. The game is, you must not be tagged by Pete. If you won't join the game, Bad luck things will happen to you.	2005-03-28
SCARY!	To me, i find it scary because of the vampires. i only had THE TALE OF THE SOUVENEIR SHOP. In this story, the kids talk about a legend of vampires.	2005-03-21
GOOD!	Abby is babysitting for Lou McNally. She is known for the worst kid but now she is perfect!	2005-03-21
I LIKED THIS BOOK!	Dustin is sure something strange is going on at the local museum. Their friend Tim dissappeared in this museum. This museum has a secret and Dustin is about to find out!	2005-03-21
Golly!	Joe and his parents move to Fear Street run Grandpa Howie's hotel. One day his father made a coffin trick for the visitors. One day he hears creepy noises, footsteps and it sounds like Count dracula. Order this book now please! I Beg you.	2005-03-18
It's a match made in horror!	Jillian hates her sisters Katie and Amanda. One day while going to the show, Harrison got Slappy because Jimmy O' James did not need him anyway. troubles started at THE ZINMAN FAMILY. First, when they ere asked to go to the party one of their tricks became dangerous and injuried two kids. Next, Jillian's lizard was missing. And last, The birthday of Eddie Simkin. The trouble was they brought Slappy too. Then, he spitted some bad green ooze. Slappy said that his bride Jillian!. WRONG. BECAUSE SLAPPY'S BRIDE IS MARY ELLEN. Mary ellen is Katie and amanda's doll. So order this book now!!!!. Forgot one more thing. When they were in a mansion, they saw a diary of Jimmy and it is about Slappy. It is said that the toymaker who made Slappy is evil.	2005-03-18
Finally!	Now I Have My most favorite Pokemon book ever. In this book, ash and his friends have another exciting adventure. They get to fly in a hot baloon and they would have to use their Pokemons because Team Rocket is still trying to steal Pikachu. Anyway I love Pikachu because of its electric shock.	2005-03-18
Very Good!	When Professor Oak wanted Ash to do him an errand, it was fine to him. They were also told to go to an island and they have to take a blimp. Troubles have started when Team Rocket causes troubles. They also meet her Tracey. There is also a LOST LAPRAS in this story.	2005-03-06
A Friendly Book!	The Squirtle Squads are causing trouble in Pallet Town but one Squirtle is determined to be Ash's friend. In this book, He trained Squirtle.	2005-03-06
THE COOL CITY!	Ash and his friends go to Cerulean City. In this story, Misty and Jessie fights to win these POKEMON DOOLS including a Pikachu toy!.	2005-03-06
A Cool Book	Ash wants to win the Pokemon Talent Show Down. While Team Rocket causes trouble to get all THE POKEMONS. Their plan is just to use the flute then every Pokemon who hears it will get hypnotized. When Team rocket did it Ash did something amazing to save all ThE POKEMONS.	2005-03-06
Clock Of Doom	In This Story, Michael's dad bought an antique cuckoo clock. When Michael turns the cuckoo back, he is stuck on a time warp.	2005-03-05
Great	Tim Loves magics. When he meets Amaz-O in person, he cannot beleive it. One day, he stole the magic kit of Amaz-O. When her snotty sister takes a bite of the carrot, she turns into a rabbit. How will Tim make her sister go back to normal?	2005-03-05
Half Bad	This book was not so scary but it is not a worst book for me. All though i cannot really understand this book.	2005-03-05
Cool!!!!!	Evan stays with his aunt and Aunt Kathryn warned him to stay out of her room. Too Bad, Evan and Andy entered it. Because The MONSTER BLOOD is out of control!!	2005-03-05
Fine	When Larry and his friends found an old bottle of INSTANT TAN, they rubbed it. One day, they notice black hair growing... growing.... growing!	2005-03-05
BEST!	Lucy loves telling scary stories to her brother. One day while going to the library, Lucy saw Mr. Mortman eating a fat tarantula. Is this librarian a monster?	2005-03-05
Good!	Wes Parker bought a poster. When he sees a mantis, he thinks he has gone crazy but he can only see the mantis. Now the mantis is alive!	2005-03-05
Awesome	When Thursday comes, It is Family Sharing Night for The Kramer family. When Amy had a new dummy called Slappy, Strange, Scary things started happening. First, Slappy ruined Sara's painting. Then Slappy insulted Amy's dad. Next, he called Jed a booger brain. This thing has to stop.	2005-03-05
The Best Baby Sitters Club Book!	I Loved This Book!. Mary Anne spends so much on her father's credit. Mary Anne takes a job at the mall and meet this girl Angela. Mary Anne's parents invited Angela to stay for Christmas!.	2005-02-25
Shocking!	Mary Anne's house burned bacause of wiring. Mary Anne almost loses everything like clothes, books.... Dawn was pretty upset when she heard that Mary Anne's house burned. Where Will Mary Anne live?. Will the Baby Sitters help her?	2005-02-25
great	Bloomingdales, The Hard Rock Cafe. The Baby Sitters are going to see it all!	2005-02-24
good	The Baby Sitters get involved onstage and off in SMS school production of Peter Pan.	2005-02-24
Wow!	The Baby Sitters are at Shadow Lake. There are campfires, lakes, boys and foods, the baby sitters are going to see it all!.	2005-02-24
Cool!	A snow blizzard hits Stoneybrook and the townspeople have to stay inside their homes. What will happen when Stacey and her mom are buried in the snow?	2005-02-24
PERFECT!	The Baby Sitters go to Camp Mohawk in this story. Mallory and Jessi are in their cabins and they end up making other friends. Meanwhile, Dawn gets lost. Then, Mary Anne sneaks up to write a letter to Logan. In Kristy's cabin, Her cabin decides she has to make a makeover. Then we go to Stacey, Stacey gets POISON IVY has to spend more of her infirmary. Claudia meets the boy of her dreams. Will Stacey get Lyme disease?. Will Claudia meet the boy of her dreams?. Will Kristy refuse to the dance? Find out!!!	2005-02-24
The Evil Is Still Alive!	This time Corky Corcoran, Kimmy Bass, Debra Kern and Ronnie Mitchell visit a cheerleading camp. Their cheerleading camp is so creepy because the evil is still alive. Wow!. I can't believe Corky was possesd here. Will she die?.	2005-02-22
WOW!	When Kimmy saw Corky at the cemetery they watched her. Corky was in the cemetery mourning the death of Bobbi. When she saw Bobbi rise from her grave, she saw Bobbi. Bobbi's blond hair was caked with mud. Bobbi's mouth was about to open but instead a big fat worm came out. But it was another nightmare of Bobbi for Corky. This time, Corky had a boyfriend named Chip Chasner or Charles Chasner. Chip dumped Kimmy, his old girlfriend because he was liked Bobbi after Bobbi's death he liked Corky. When Corky was making hot chocolate something distracted her and she did not know the hot water was on her hand already so she burned her hand. When Kimmy saw Corky, Kimmy was begging Corky to sign in the cheerleading squad because of the double cartwheel Corky and Bobbi made. When Chip and Corky met Sarah Beth Plummer, Corky thinks something is strange about her. She knew the SARAH FEAR STORY!. When i was in CHAPTER 13, Corky heard a loud noise. When she saw Chip, she gasped in horror because his hand was cutted by a power saw. When Corky jumped in Chapter 20, she fell because Kimmy did not catch her. Kimmy told her she was paralyzed. When Corky was in home, she decided to take a hotbath. She was surprised to see Kimmy in the bathroom. But it was not Kimmy, Infact it was the evil spirit. The evil spirit explained why she killed Chip and Jon Daly, Jennifer's brother. When Corky was forced in the hot tub, she made Kimmy in the hot tub. When the evil spirit was gone, Kimmy was all wet. The next day, Corky saw a letter. <br /> IT CAN't BE DROWNED!. It means the evil spirit was not defeated!	2005-02-22
Very Good!	I also loved this book. Adam and his friends are going to their school again. But their teacher acts like an alien teacher. Adam and his friends must destroy this teacher. But how can you destroy a human or an alien?.	2005-02-20
This is scary!	Adam and his friends found out that there was a doorway to the past that opened. Now there are powerful creatures in Spooksville. One rhinocerous even injuried Adam. Quick, They have to talk to Ann Templeton to get rid of these creatures.	2005-02-20
Scary!	While hiking in the woods, Bryce and Cindy found the Creepy Creature. They thought it was harmless but it ate Bryce. Cindy has to find Adam, Sally and Watch. But they saw Bryce. At first, he was normal and it said it does not remember any attack. But now, the fake Bryce is an alien. When The Creepy Creature appeared again This time it ate WATCH!. Who will be next?.	2005-02-20
Cool!	When Adam and his friends go inside Ann Tewmpleton's castle, they are trapped in a maze. Then, they see two huge, powerful creatures. Are these creatures bad?. Maybe these creatures can kill one of Adam's friend. Forgot to tell you something, When they entered one room, they found 4 necklace. Sally wore the Immortality necklase, Cindy wore the beautiful necklace, Adam wore the oldest necklace. I cannot remember what Watch wore.	2005-02-20
The First Spooksville!	Cool!. The Freemans' are moving to Kansas City and they are now living in Spooksville. He had some friends there. The city is named Spookswville because spooky thing happen there. Then they taught their might be a Secret Path in Spooksville so they search the path. Wow!. They found the Secret Path. The Secret Path is a magical path that leads into the other Spooksvilles. Adam, Watch and Sally will go through the dark doorway. On the other side of Sppooksville, they found a huge spider.... They Also found a witch who loves to make dolls out of kids.	2005-02-20
Funny!	I Loved this book. This is so funny. Gabe got lost in the pyramid. Better order this book, guys for you to find out.	2005-02-20
The 3rd book!	There is a mysterious cave at Spooksville. So Adam and his friends enter the cave. When they went to far, they decided to get out but there was no way out. Something scary is also after them, A monster that is trapped in the cave.	2005-02-20
Good!	This book is like THE DANGEROUS QUEST!. But it has a different story. Order it now.	2005-02-20
COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Are there faries and gnomes, leprechauns and other small animals in Spooksville. Adam and his friends should have said no. One day a whole herd of magical creatures invades Spooksville and they are making childish jokes. At first they are funny, Next it is rude. Adam and his friends did not know that they are already fighting for their lives!.	2005-02-19
Good!	When the vampire queen goes to Spooksville, Adam and his friends are in another danger. Cindy turned into a vampire and Watch almost did to. Find out more about this book. There is only 1 way to found out.	2005-02-19
Good!	Guided buy their friend Bum, there is another corner at the other side of The Secret Path that is supposed to be fun. Bum is so enthusiastic about the other dimension that Adam and Watch are willing to try. They did not know how dangerous the dimension was. Then, they found a mysterious doorway. at first, they have fun but next, it was now dangerous!	2005-02-19
Perfect and Cool!	When Adam and his friends found a black cat the cat was good. The cat was even following Adam and His friends. But there had an accident. The accident was a house on fire. And every accidents happens, the cat's eyes glow.	2005-02-19
There is no Escape!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The residents at Spooksville are doomed because huge giant crabs had appeared out of nowhere. Adam and his friends try to hide to the crabs. But there is only one way to make the crabs dissapear. Let Ann Templeton do her spells. If Ann did not do the spells Adam and his friends will die!. Or they have to swim through the sea. But nobody can swim to long!.	2005-02-19
InCredible!	When Adam and his friends stumble into an old graveyard, they see the dead rising from their graves.	2005-02-19
A Masterpiece!!!	When Adam and his friends found an old house, there was a closet. When they opened the closet, a monster appeared. This book is short, and it means it is very nice. How can Adam and his friends make the monster go good?. Find out and there is only to ways: <br />1.Order it or buy it <br />2.Read it <br />So what are you waiting for, go buy Spooksville, The Thing In The Closet!. Hurry before it goes out of stock!.	2005-02-19
They are hard to get rid off!	Adam and his friends are exploring the forest near Spooksville, when they come into huge block of ice hidden in the trees. They decide to melt one of the ice in the woods. When they do, a strange man appears and tries to grab them. This man has very cold hands and his eyes are not warm either. Soon there are dozens of COLD PEOPLE running in Spooksville. The Cold People are also freezing people. It seems there is nothing Adam and his friends can do. poor Adam and his friends, Why did they melt the ice. Will they freeze to?	2005-02-19
The Genie Is Free	When Hannah found an old bottle that says DANGER: DO NOT OPEN. Now Hannah won't open the bottle. But her brother Jesse is not afraid so he opens it. When he opened it, A Genie popped out. They did not know that the genie was trapped hundreds of years ago. Now that the genie is free he's got evil plans for Hannah and Jesse.	2005-02-18
P-E-R-F-E-C-T!!!!!!!!	When Andrew Herman and Tyler Herman go to Fright Camp, there were already scares when they were in the bus. When they were really at Fright Camp, Andrew was excited because there were places like \\"The Cavern of no Return, The Quicksand Pit...\\". When they meet Alonso, Alonso volunteered Chris to be volunteer from something. R.B Farraday showed, I Forgot to tell you Andrew and Tyler and all those in the camp love him. R.B. Farraday thought something was strangw, because what happened to Chris was the same thing that happened in Revenge of Dr. Cruel. When they were going to ride Spin and Scream, there were also horrors. When Andrew was taking a bath, he saw something underneath and he saw Jack's face pulling Andrew underwater. After that, when they were in they're bunks, somebody was spying on them. They knew it was Alonso. When dinner came, Alonso announced that there was accidentally added some poison on the food. Quickly, Chris and Jack can feel themselves fainting. Is this for real?. After that when Jack woke, he decided to call his mom. When morning came, Jack's mother was in the quicksand pit!. When Alonso let Andrew in the The Mine of Souls, he heard cheefrul voices and clappings. There stood R.B. Farraday and some tall mens clapping for him. When Andrew knew they were tricked he was mad. Alonso, was just Farraday's brother, Ned. The part who played Duffy was just Max. And the part who played Jack's mom was only Margo. When Andrew's brother and Merideth's sister was missing, they decided to in the Cavern because they heard voices. On the ending they found Tyler and Elizabeth but they were stranded with them including R.B. Farraday and Ned!	2005-02-13
Good!	Stacey is shocked when a new neighbor accuses her family of stealing a ring. Stacey is never stealing!. Even worse for the Baby Sitters, The Gardellas are threatening to tell their other clients about the valauble ring. Will everyone in Stoneybrook think the Baby Sitters are stealers?. Not if Stacey can help it!. She is going to find that ring whatever happens!!	2005-02-13
I Hate ThiS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This is my second Baby Sitters Club i hate! It is only a a murder of a reporter.	2005-02-13
Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I loved this book!. When one brother and a sister drank Brain Juice they were getting smart. At chapter 12, i really cannot understand it but i still loved this book anyway.	2005-02-13
Good!	This book is about Craig, who tries to be brave. Brad Caperton and Travis Walker dares Craig to do dangerous things. At the ending, his work is to kiss a corpse. When i read the last page Craig was not a real hero because he did not want it night-time.	2005-02-13
The Scary Neighbor!	I Liked this book!. <br />Abby is sick. Not sick enough to sleep all the time, but not enough well to do much. So she watches a lot of TV. Before long she is really bored. Then one afternoon she meets the man she saw in the TV!. It looks like the Baby Sitters have another mystery!	2005-02-13
Almost Scary!	I liked this book . Cory stays with Granny Marsha and Granny thought Cory has a fever because he was sneezing. Granny Marsha gives weird medicines that even made him like a hairy monster!	2005-02-13
Fine.	Wade Brill was asking revenge for Iris but the revenges aren't working, In fact, they are on Wade. Pretty soon, Wade finds out she is being Tricked by Iris so she steals Maggie. On the ending, Iris showed up and Wade wished she will be turned into a frog. But Wade was turned to a frog because you can only make 3 wishes!.	2005-02-13
Something GRAVELY about Highgrave!	Spencer lives in Highgrave. When his brother knew that Spencer left his bag, he begged Spencer to get it and agreed. While Spencer was getting the bag he saw a dead skull. Next, he heard a scary sound and someone surprised him but it was only Buddy and Frankie!. Next, they tied Spencer on a grave. When Spencer got untied, he smelled a green mist. YUCK-YUCK, Then Spencer hears a sound that says \\"Give me your body, Spencer\\". When the mist got Spencer's body everything went black. Next, he sees himself with a bunch of ghosts. \\"Welcome, Spencer. \\"Join us to our ghost party\\" one of the ghosts said. When Spencer got away with the ghosts, he was trying to get his body back. Instead, he was able to get the body of his brother!. On the house, The fake Spencer and The Real Spencer had a fight. When the Fake Spencer lost, The fake was in his green mist again. But what happened to his brother?	2005-02-13
Better!!!!!	I Liked this book!. Robbie and Alesha love scary stories and it is Halloween and they went to trick or treating. When one neighbor gives them a candy bar, they ate it. At full moon, Hairs started to grow on Robbie and Alesha. Now they have found out the bar that they ate was a curse bar. But how can they make themselves back in normal again?.	2005-02-13
The Ghost!	When Jason Sloves had a new mirror all was fine to him. When Fred came to his house, Jason let him see the mirror. when Jason was getting something, Fred vanished. But when he came to school, he saw a-not normal Fred. When he was injuried because of Fred he went home. That night, he saw something in the mirror. He saw Fred, pleading for help. When Fred let Jason in the mirror, they had a long time exploring the mirror. It was like HOUSE OF MIRRORS. At the ending, Jason and Fred got out but the mirror was shattered!	2005-02-13
Good!	When Michael's parents got a great deal about their new sports car. It loaded with extras like TV player, power windows, cruised controls and an evil ghost who haunts the car	2005-02-13
Half Good	The story is about a boy and it is his birthday. In the school, he finds out that the school was once a graveyard.	2005-02-13
Good.	there are more troubles in Spooksville now. A dragon has appeared and it is looking for a treasure. In fact, it intends to destroy the town unless the jewels and golds are returned to the dragon. The only Trouble is, Adam and his friends do not know where the treasure is. <br />Worse, the creature is hot-headed and won't listen to reason. <br />It is a fire breathing dragon and it can kill the whole people in Spooksville.	2005-02-12
Sad and Funny?!	Someone has to put a curse on Watch. Then when the gang went to the coffee shop, Watch had an attack, it was funny. It was great when Adam and Cindy went into another dimension and they saw a mirror. They met Princess Rula, a character. It was not confusing when she talked to Adam 2 and Cindy 2 and Watch 2. Tomel killed Adam so he could save Rula, then Watch Dies and somethings happens at the end.......	2005-02-12
Nice	A Great Book!.<br /><br />The third grade at Bailey Elementary was very hard to handle. Most teachers would quit and move far way after trying to teach them. But Mrs. Jeepers was different. No one ever dared her to make her mad because of the green brooch and sometimes weird things and the strangest things happen to them!	2005-02-12
Good!	Who is giving Stacey McGill counterfeit money?. When She told it to the Baby Sitters, they need to find any suspects and clues. It is really nice, Order this!	2005-02-12
Very GOOD!	While hiking in the woods, Adam and his friends find an old stone. It is clear like a cyrstal ball a fortuneteller uses.To their imense surprise, if they hodl and make a wish, it can come true. They call it the Wishing Stone. They love it very much. Until they discover that there is a heavy price for each wish!	2005-02-12
VERY GOOD!!!	I Like This!. When Dawn starts getting threatening notes and odd phone calls while she is baby-sitting, she doesn't know what to do. The notes are signed \\"Mr. X.,\\" and they are beginning to get scary. Normally, she would tell the other Baby Sitters, but this time is different. The kids at Stoneybrook Elementary are having a Sitter of the Month Contest. The siiter for the month has to be someone who is in control, someone whose jobs always go smoothly. Dawn wants to win, But how can she win while Mr. X is sending notes?	2005-02-12
Great!!!!!	I Like this book!.The owner of Jewel Pizza Castle is dressed like a knight. The sign over the kitchen says \\"The Dungeon\\". Could the cook really be a fire- breathing dragon?. <br /> <br />It's up to Howie and the rest of The Bailey School Kids to find out the secret to the best tasting pizzas in town!	2005-02-11
Great	I Love this book!. When Adam Freeman, Watch, Cindy Makey, Sally wilcox and Bryce Poole entered the Evil House, Sally's costume was a vampire and Bryce's is also a vampire costume. Pretty soon, Sally and Bryce are thiirsty and they want to drink blood. Watch's costume was Sherlock Holmes. Pretty soon, Watch was becoming like the great Sherlock Holmes detective. Cindy's costume is a princess, minutes later, her wand is like a magic. Adam's costume was a ghost. Pretty soon, he feels like a ghost. When they met Marvin, Marvin liked Cindy because it had magic. When Marvin told Cindy that he cheated death, Cindy said \\"So that was your ghost, the one we heard those awful cries\\". You better buy this book if you want to find out more.	2005-02-11
Good!	it was not bad. When Adam, Cindy, Watch and Sally see little balls that glow they found themselves trapped into some spaceship. Adam, Cindy, Watch And Sally has to find their way out or they will never get to see Spooksville again.	2005-02-11
Good!	I Really like this book!. Coach Tuttle always appears Wrapped up in bandages because he always trips and fall. He does not know anything about softball. Could the new softball coach really be a mummy? <br /> <br />If Liza, Melody, Eddie and Howie don't find out soon, The Bailey Batters may never win another Game!	2005-02-11
Good!!!!!	I like this book!. Emily and Julianna go to a holiday vacation on a volcano. They found a souveneir shop to buy their treats. But they find this shop cursed. As they walk they notice the temparature change after that they were in a winter wonderland!	2005-02-08
Boring	This Book is no good!. Marco was only hit by a baseball bat and when he comes back he notices a phone call from Keith saying that he lives in his basement.	2005-02-08
VERY GOOD!	I Like This Book!  When Joe's father had two lawn gnomes, strange things started to happen. One day, Joe and Mindy heard a disturbing news to their neighbors. Then Joe's Father blamed Mindy and Joe because of what happened next door. Looks like the gnomes are getting their revenge.	2005-02-06
Perfect!!	When Max and his friends find an old mirror at his attic, when they turn on the light, they go invisible. But when they did it long they had a hard time making themselves reappear. Max realizes that there are people trapped in the mirror and the only to escape is when they take over a body!.	2005-02-06
Boring!	Drew and her Walker meet two pumpkin costumes. And the creatures says TRICK OR TREAT FOREVER. It was so boring. Do not waste your money just to buy this.	2005-02-06
A New Invention?	When Professor E. Gore is staying with hilda Hauntly the three kids think they are in trouble because Hilda and the E. Gore will be making a new invention. Is it a good invention or a bad invention?	2005-02-03
Skeletons Don't Play Tubas	When the four kids meet their band class teacher. They think he is an evil skeleton. The kids must save the school before the evil skeleton attacks. You Know what Mr. Belgrave's skeleton is?. It's name is Claude. They are also surprised to see their band teacher carrying a big box over the cemetery. Liza got scared because Claude almost tapped her foot. Is this for real? <br /> <br />While Book 10[Witches Don't Do Backflips] was their new gym coach. Liza, Melody, Howie and Eddie were glad. But one thinks the new coach is a witch because she says weird languages and like a spell. I Also like Zombies Don't Play Soccer because the new coach is Coach Graves. Suddenly, An old lady appears and she says that if she[Coach Graves] will not go she will turn her into a zombie. But Coach Graves disagreed so she turned her a zombie. Now that the coach is a zombie she cannot help the Team of the four kids. But when the game started something surprising really happened. But you must find out. <br /> <br />	2005-02-03
Kilmer's Birthday with a ghost?!	It is Kilmer's birthday and the three kids Ben, Jane and Annie went to the Mannor Inn to fetch their friend Kilmer. After School Kilmer invited them to Doodlegum shakes. They also met Kilmer's Grandfather. And Ben taught he was a ghost. When it was the real birthday For Kilmer, his grandfather was gone. But Carey liked the food the Hauntly's gave	2005-02-03
Surprise For Hilda	Wow!. It is Hilda's birthday and she is sad because she wants to meet her other friends. So they made a Monster Express so that her friends can arrive to her Birthday party. That is not all Boris and Kilmer bought THE COMPLETE HAUNTED HOUSE GUIDE. When Hilda saw her friends she cried. When they went inside Hilda's friends danced around. When Carey's dad entered he said to Boris that\\" Carey did not know it was a surprise party\\". He also said[Carey's dad] \\"He was sorry if they disturbed you\\". Boris and Hilda said \\"That it was okay\\". Then Hilda blew her birthday cake. Then Boris said\\" That Ben, Annie and Jane proved that this was their best neighborhood\\"	2005-02-03
Terrific!	Wow!. It is Eddie's birthday and his grandma has a surprise for him. Surprise!, His surprise is a piano teacher. After Eddie's birthday party, Melody and Liza gave Eddie their meanest look on him because they will be also teach by a piano teacher named Lance E. Lott[Eddie's surprise]. When they go inside his house, there are many statues of knights. The First one was Howie. Lance taught Howie how to play better. Eddie saw many knights in the dining room. They were all seated as if they are strapped in the chair. After the piano lessons Eddie taught Lance was a knight. The next day, It was Melody's turn to play the piano. While Melody was learning piano Lance offered Liza a hot chocolate but she said \\"no thanks\\" because she does not know piano yet. When Liza's turn came she played bad notes but Lance did not seem to be worried. After that Eddie decided that he will prove Lance is a knight. When they bring Howie's Toy car. Suddenly, One of the other knights picked Howie's toy car. When they saw Lance, Eddie was making the horses free. After the terrible fight yesterday, Eddie, Liza, Melody, Howie and Eddie's grandma went to the Medieval Festival. But Yesterday there were 6 knights but now there were 5. Then, Eddie's grandma said that \\"Lance had to move back to England he was sorry he could not continue your piano lessons\\". Eddie wad about to cheer but he did not do it because it would hurt his grandma's feeling. Grandma said this \\"Now what would i replace for Lance as your surprise\\"? Grandma asked. Then Eddie asked\\" How about a video game''?. Then Eddie's grandma said \\"Oh no, Dear how about a flute\\"?. Eddie slumped into his chair while his friends laughed at him <br /> <br />THE END	2005-01-29
Ghouls Don't Scoop Ice Cream	When The Four kids, Liza, Melody, Howie and Eddie go to Doodlegum Burger Shake restaurant they meet a strange worker whose name is Scout. But When Carey goes to Doodlegum Restaurant, She talks about her silent new neighborhood. When Scout heard it, She was so curious to know it. Scout said she wanted to move next to Carey's Neighborhood but next is the old graveyard. When the kids go out, Howie talked about ghouls because his friends believed Scout was a ghoul. Scout said she spies for a vampire. When they met Mrs. Jeepers saw her, she was talking to a phone. Looks Like Scout is a real ghoul? <br />You Find Out	2005-01-28
Better Book Than Others	When Liza, Melody, Howie and Eddie meet Mrs. Rosenbloom, Eddie thinks Mrs. rosenbloom is a cupid because she made those heart hamburgers. She also made people in-love like Principal Davis and Mrs. Jeepers. I can't believe Carey has a crush on Eddie. Then, One day Eddie decides to make a cure, A cure that people will not be in-love. One day he brought it to school and mixed it in Mrs. Rosenbloom's recipe. After those people tasted it, They Complained about the food because it was not delicious. One day Mrs. Rosenbloom was gone because she is done working there	2005-01-26
Great	When Liza, Howie, Melody and Eddie meet their librarian, Mr. Merle, Howie, Liza and Melody think that their librarian is a wizard. But Eddie did not believe them because wizards lived in a long time ago. He also said that they do not need computers. One thing Howie is for sure that Merle is a wizard because his fish's name is Arthur like King Arthur. Is Mr. Merle a wizard?. <br />FIND OUT	2005-01-26
NICE	I love this book!. When The kid met Dr, Freek he was scared. I Remembred when i have MONSTER DOG. There was said send a photo of you and your creepy canine and will be featured in a GHOSTS OF FEAR STREET #36[SALE ON MID AUGUST 1998]. If You feel like readfing this order it.	2005-01-19
I LIKE IT	when you see a creepy old man in his creepy old house he says \\"Stay out of my back room\\". But you ignore it anyway. Inside, You see two electrical switches:One transportsyou to a world of mirrorsthat do more than just you look strange; The other sends you to a place of everything- where everyone is a robot. <br /> <br />Quick! Find your way back to the professor's work room before you become a pile of nuts and bolts!	2005-01-15
Not Bad, Not Good	When Chad Miller Said To Will That He Has A Swithching Machine, Will Wants It. But Chad's Family Is Not Normal Infact They Are Aliens. If They Find People They Will Mind Tailoring Them	2005-01-15
Best!!!!!!	Matt Finds An Amazing Toolbox in the fear street woods, When he opens it there are lens and other things. One day he brought it to school, When their teacher Mrs. Murphy said they have a test this morning, He used the Mind-Concentrating Lens. But When He Was reworking PROBLEM 6, He Smelled something like smoke. The teacher said to let them play first. After School, Matt was kept in detention, When the teacher talked to him, Mrs. Murphy said \\"let me see what's inside your pocket\\". Matt took out a Gum wrapper, Rubber Band and the lens. When the teacher saw the lens she told Matt to give it to her. When the teacher held, IT FREEZED HER!!!!. But there is an owner of the toolbox and he will do everything just to get the toolbox back.	2005-01-15
Very Nice	It was a dream come true for Geronimo- He was off to Egypt to interview a famous archaeologist. He climbed onboard a crabby old camel that would take him across the desert to Cheese Pyramid. There, Among mummies, hieroglyphs, He would learn the secret of the Seven Wonders Of The Ancient Mouse World.....	2005-01-15
Funny!!!!!!!! AND SCARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!	While Cindy and her younger brother, Neil were playing in the sand, a ghost grabs Neil and vanished. Cindy tried to tell the people but no one believed her. Until Sally read something in the paper. Now Sally believes in ghost when it comes to Spooksville. One day, they saw a spooky lighthouse. Is Neil There?. When they entered the lighthouse they met the ghost. This comes the funny part: Adam was wrestling with a ghost. This is the scary part: They burned the lighthouse by accident. But what happened to Neil? FIND OUT!!!!	2005-01-14
Ghouls	Lizzy Caldwell is excited when she is asked to join Girl's camp in Fear Street only to find out that the girls in camp are ghouls!	2005-01-14
NO ORDINARY CAT!!	When Allison, a 13 Year old girl brings home a cat she knows it is not an ordinary cat because its name is Rip. One day when she was scratch by the cat she starts acting strange. First, When She says something she likes shout. Second, When she fell she did not die when she called her mothere she said she could land on all fours!!!!	2005-01-03
Great	When Liza, Melody, Howie And Eddie Meet A Frosty Stranger, They Think He Is An Abominable Snowman Because He Is Fat. Could It Be True?. The Bailey Kids Are going To Find Out!	2005-01-03
A Good Book	While Taking a Shortcut To Fear Street, Jack Meets A Girl that Can Make Him Invisible.Shall Jack trust Her?	2005-01-01
Good	Brandon Likes To Play pranks On People especially The Loser, Vinny. On Halloween, Brandon Ditched Vinny In An Old abandoned House. Suddenly They Hear Someone Screaming. Then, A Kid dies Trying To Jump On Raven's Ravine. Then The Kid Meets A Ghost. The Ghost says If He Wants To Be Alive He Must Have 3 Scared People	2005-01-01
This Game Is Dangerous	When Connor Buckley And His Friends Find A Game Called Be AFRAID, They Start Playing It. But When They Play The Game, The Same Thing Happens On The City. One Day Emily Became The Dragon In The Game, Then Outside They Hear A Woman Screaming. Oh I Forgot One More Detail, When Something Came Out, It Came Out To Break The Nelsons' House. Looks Like Conor And His Friends Have A Terrifying Mystery.	2005-01-01
Ghoulish Book	This Book Is Great!. I Will Tell You A Summary Of Each. <br /> <br />Eye Of The Fortuneteller- Kelsey Moore Is Not Afraid Of Ghosts. When She Meets Madame Valda, She Says She Can See The Future. But Kelsey Only Laughs. One Day When Going To Bed She Sees Sea Crabs Or What, Then When She Goes Swimming She Sees Gigantic Jellyfish. Has Madame Valda Cursed Kelsey? <br /> <br />How To Be A Vampire- When Andrew Finds A Book Called HOW TO BE A VAMPIRE He Starts Reading It. One Day He Tried To Eat Garlic. One Day There Were Bite Marks On His Neck. Will Andrew Turn Into A Vampire <br /> <br />Camp Fear Ghouls- Lizzy Joins The Girl's Camp. But The Girls Are Ghouls!	2005-01-01
INCREDIBLE BOOK	Greg Dreamer Is Sick Of Derek's Braggin. Everything Is a Competition For Him. This Halloween Derek Says He Is Going To Beat Greg, Greg Is Going To Beat Him. Because This Halloween Greg Got A Secret weapon. The Secret Weapon Is To Multiply Things <br />The Thing Is A Plain Old White Bag That can Multilpy Anything Like Candy[Food],More Money, More Insects, More Bugs And MORE TROUBLE	2005-01-01
Good	This Book Is Good, The Titles are Weird But Nice <br />Here Are The Stories, But I wont Tell You A Summary, Read It By Yourself <br /> <br />1.The Chalk Closet <br />2.Home sweet Home <br />3.Don't Wake Mummy <br />4.I'm Telling <br />5.The Haunted House Game <br />6.Change For The Strange <br />7.The Perfect School <br />8.For The Birds <br />9.Aliens In The Garden <br />10.The Thumbprints Of Doom	2005-01-01
Nice Book	Todd loves worms. He studies it, he experiments it and he tortures His sister. One day after cutting the worms in half the worms go bad. Are the worms really bad or is Regina his sister is getting revenge?	2004-12-31
good	Skipper loves Comics. His favorite is the Masked Mutant, In his Comic He Finds A Headquarter. Then On His Way Home He Sees The Masked Mutant'S Headquarter!. Is The Masked Mutant alive in Riverview Falls?	2004-12-31
Very Good Book	This Book is about Courtney King, who's not afraid of scary things. One day Eddie and Hat had thought of a plan to scare Courtney. Their plan was to scare Courtney with A MUD MONSTER COSTUME. Lately it did not work, later some reporters showed and Courtney said she rescued 2 boys from a MUD MONSTER. Now Eddie and Hat was so embarrased, Suddenly it began to rain. Just then, A Mud Monster Appeared because it was raining. THE END	2004-12-31
The Beast	This Book is great. James and his cousin Ashley rides in THE BEAST only to find out out that they were sent back at the pass. There, They meet Paul. One day a carnival wrecked down and James And Ashley was not able to save their friend because of the tornado. If you want to find out more, Order this book	2004-12-31
good	Jerry finds a secret cave in a beach. So Jerry and Terry explores and finds kids only 3. The kids say the cave is haunted by a ghost. Just a Stupid Story Right?	2004-12-31
Eye of the fortuneteler	Are you afraid of ghosts? <br /> <br />Kelsey Moore is not afraid of anything, until she meets Madame Valda, and Kelsey laughs. When Kelsey comes home it looks like she is scared because of the sand crabs in her bed. Next, she goes to the swimming pool, Now there were jellyfish in the swimming pool. Has Madame Valda doomed Kelsey?	2004-12-21
How to be a vampire	Andrew Griffin likes Werewolves, Mummies and Vampires. One day, under his bed he finds a book called ''HOW TO BE A VAMPIRE\\". One day he tried to eat garlic. One day he also had bite marks in his neck.Not that Andrew minds turning into a vampire, he can scare his sister, COOL!.Now Andrew meets his vampire teacher. The vampire teacher was really scary.But Andrew is not yet ready to sleep in a coffin or drink someone's blood right?	2004-12-20
Spel of the screaming jokers	Brittany and her friends agree to play cards with Max, a sick kid from school. When they play the cards, the jokers are alive!. Each of them give you one suits. If you have four suits, something terrible will happen.	2004-12-20
Stay away from the treehouse	Dylan and Steve are going to revuild the old treehouse. One day, someone told them that they cannot rebuild the old treehouse because of a legend. Now Dylan was excited to know the legend nut the girls did not tell them so they went to the treehouse and rebuild it. One day they went there for a sleepover.That night they had no luck so they went out later and Dylan proved Steve that there are ghosts.	2004-12-20
Feild of screams	Buddy Sanders was taken back from the pass. All of the members in his team from the past says he is Buddy Gibson. When Buddy goes to home in the past, he gets to live in his Coach's house. There he finds Boog, sometimes they fight. When Buddy remembered Erny Ames told Him that they all died because of the train. Quickly, Buddy tries to change the past. But will Buddy can change it?	2004-12-20
Fright Christmas	Kenny Frobisher is the meanest bully in Shadyside Middle School. One day he was stranded at Dalby's Department Store. This is the funniest part, he keeps on shouting and shouting. When Kenny gets out,the store is locked. Now Kenny is alone, until three frightening ghosts[scariest ghosts in FEAR STREET] comes and will wish him a SCARY CHRISTMAS.	2004-12-20
House of a thousand screams	Jil is ready to spend her leisure time in Fear street. But in her new house, her uncle, a great magician has left some creatures in his sleeve. But the creatures are bad. Will Jill be able to get rid of these creatures?	2004-12-20
The creature from Club Lagoona	Tad and his family go to a resort called CLUB LAGOONA. Tad is afraid of the water. He should be afraid of the water, because there is something lurking under their swiming pool. The creature is very ugly and it wants slow swimmers for lunch.	2004-12-20
Why i'm not afraid of ghosts	This book is about Oliver Bowen. Oliver Bowen is not scared of anything, Even though he lives in a haunted house. There are even ghosts there, Robbie and Dora, two of the ghosts are trying to scare him. Next comes the funny part, Robbie and Dora followed Oliver to school. Dora's plan was to make his tools float but that did not work. Now they will have their master plan. But will the master plan scare Oliver? Thee's only one way to find out.	2004-12-19
Best book ever!	Pumpkin Juice-Charlie and Frank makes a pumpkin juice when they drink it,they become beasts when they eat some goodies. Good, 9/10 <br /> <br />Attack of the tatoo-Jeanie gets a tatoo during Halloween. Jeanie tries to wear it and Jeanie was able too. Little did Jeanie know the longer she wears it,More creatures will come out! Fair, 7/10 <br /> <br />The wish-Very funny,Max gets angry of his big brother. When Max sees a house with a grinning jack-o-lantern, he opens it and he sees the oldest woman. Max says trick or treat, Then the old woman gives him a stone. Then Max wishes he was an only child, then it comes true. Will Max be able to reverse his wish? Very good, 10/10 <br /> <br />An old story-Also good, tom and Jonathan is alone at home. When Aunt Dahlia comes, she lets Tom and Jonathan eat prunes everyday until Saturday came. Tom had a big,fat forehead,Jonathan had gray hair. Aunt Dahlia's friend comes and want to make them old gentlemens. Very good, 9/10 <br /> <br />The Scarecrow-Darleen Norris,Scott Grant and Melanie Lin sees a scarecrow while walking to school. One day Darleen thinks of getting the blue gloves. Scott also thinks of getting the baseball cap. One day Darleen also yells at Scott, then Scott felt a bad headache. Melanie loses her voice. One day Scott and Melanie admitted to Darleen that they made-up the scarecrow because she said Halloween is boring. Then Darleen asked \\"why is the scarecrow now smiling\\"? Good, 8/10 <br /> <br />Please dont feed the bears-Okay but needs an improvement,Sarah and her family go to Cuddle Bear Land because of their pest five year old Katie. When Sarah goes to the Roarin Roaller Coaster she meets a bear[only a uniform]. Then the bear gives her Honey Crackers but Sarah doesn't like. Sarah thought she was turning into a bear but she only wore the cap the bear who gave it to her. Okay,7/10 <br /> <br />Awesome ants- A boy gets a package with ants until Ben,his friends give the ants a food. One day the ants are growing. When he goes to school their teacher,classmates is nowhere to be seen.What happened to them? Did the ants attack them? Find out. good,8/10 <br /> <br />The Goblin's Glare-My favorite! Mike Mason makes a goblin in a construction paper. Until the goblin comes to life. read this story if you want to find out more. P.S., i will never tell what will happen to Mike, Very,Very good, 10/10 <br /> <br />Bats about bats-Suzanne and liz meets Dorrie. Dorrie is bats about bats. When Liz and Suzanne invites Dorrie to a sleepover,Liz's brother comes to be a vampire about to attack Dorrie. When Liz's brother startled Dorrie,Dorrie got angry. Now Dorrie is inviting Liz and Suzanne for a sleepover. Very funny and also good, 10/10 <br /> <br />The Space Suit snatcher-Laura gets a radio and hears alien voices in her radio. The aliens says they will get her. Good, 8/10	2004-12-13
Ghost  of fear street:WEIRD SCIENCE	In the ooze. Al's parents are scientist so he makes a stinkbomb but when his friend add a weird ingredient the result is a yellow goo that touches forever and you will be stupid. <br />in the boy who ate fear street Sam will only eat white food until his aunt pours a strange spice. Now Sam eats everything including worms and sponges. <br />in dont ever get sick at granny's.Corey stays with his granny marsha.his granny has sniffles.but now corey has sniffles.Granny has some medicines will it cure corey or kill corey?	2004-10-27
