Nameless Returns Gloriously	Bill Pronzini's Nameless series of detective novels is perhaps the most underappreciated series in crime fiction history.  It has been running since Nixon was operating a recording studio in the White House, and SPOOK is entry number thirty in this unique literary achievement.  Mr. Pronzini almost chose to end the series with his previous Nameless novel--BLEEDERS.  He didn't, and I am certain every reader, writer, and member of the worldwide mystery community is grateful.  I know I am.<br />SPOOK adds fresh twists to the Nameless series.  Nameless is back, arranging for his semi-retirement with the same moral and ethical anchors that have been hallmarks of this character since the 1970s.  He has given Tamara Corbin a full partnership in their agency, and they've hired a new operative Jake Runyon, a man with a troubled past.  Kerry and their recently adopted daughter, Emily, are on hand preparing to celebrate Christmas.<br />Subplots abound, yet the main storyline is engrossing.  Nameless is hired to discover the identity of a murdered homeless man.  The story involves long-buried crimes, and Mr. Pronzini uses Tamara's and Jake's narrative voices, in addition to the classic voice of Nameless, to tell the story.<br />SPOOK is full of surprises and marks a privotal point in the Nameless series.  I am thrilled that the series continues, and I hope that this book finally gets Nameless the wide public recognition/readership the character deserves.  Wouldn't it be nice if TIME or NEWSWEEK paid homage to Bill Pronzini at this point in his career?  It happened once to Ross Macdonald, as well as certain other crime fiction authors.	2002-12-30
Straka's Still Soaring!	I am genuinely impressed by Andy Straka's A KILLING SKY, though, initially, I expected to be disappointed.  After all, his debut novel, A WITNESS ABOVE, was simply stunning, and I doubted if he could follow up such a strong work (nominated for an Agatha) with an equally well-written work.  His storyline also appeared to be lifted from the headlines (Clinton or Condit, take your choice)with the vanished daughter of a philandering politician taking center stage, and his series set-up bears a strong resemblance to the Spenser series with its literate PI, enforcer-type sidekick, sophisticated love interest, and a pet featured prominently in the story.  Finally, having met Andy Straka at a recent mystery convention and having participated on one author panel with the man, I am quite impressed by Mr. Straka as a person and a writer.  I didn't want to be disappointed by his sophomore effort so I delayed reading A KILLING SKY.<br />My mistake.  In A KILLING SKY, Andy Straka pulls everything together perfecly.  Falconry is Frank Pavlicek's trademark, and it is featured prominently.  He clearly distinguishes Frank from Spenser, Toronto from Hawk, and Marcia from Susan.  His development of Frank's daughter Nicole into a well-rounded sidekick-type character is also a unique touch.<br />The tale he tells, he tells well.  The politico Drummond is no Clinton or even a Condit.  The story takes several unexpected turns, and the writing is first-rate.  A KILLING SKY is a giant step forward for this new mystery series.  I am hoping for many more Frank Pavlicek mysteries.	2002-05-12
Norville's MOONSHINE EXPRESS Shines!	Career changes are iffy moves at best, but Rod Norville has made a wise choice retiring from the Silicon Valley techno-wars to write fiction.  His debut work, MOONSHINE EXPRESS, simply shines.  I salute Mr. Norville upon the dawn of his great new career.<br />Categorizing this novel is difficult.  While it seems to be written as a young adult novel, it is also an extremely satisfying adult read.  MOONSHINE EXPRESS tells the story of a thirteen-year-old who is coming of age in Florida in the early sixties.  Rob is the novel's protagonist, and Katie is Rob's childhood playmate who is well on her way into evolving into the boy's romantic interest.<br />Rob and Katie are two admirable young people from opposite ends of their town's socio/economic spectrum.  Rob's father has become the town drunk since the death of Rob's mother.  Katie's father is a doctor who is also the owner of the key business enterprise in their town.  Rob and Katie discover a moonshining operation, and the plot steams forward from there.<br />Norville's story accurately captures his setting's time and place.  He captures the attitudes of the people of that era.  I heard echoes of Faulkner in Norville's view of the South, and I believe this book will be an excellent addition to any school library, young person's bookshelf, or adult's reading list. <br />It is a fabulous work for a first-time author!	2002-05-02
A Hardboiled PI as American as the Auto Industry	While many authors are currently working in the hardboiled mystery tradition, Loren Estleman, in SINISTER HEIGHTS, proves once again that he deserves to stand near the front of today's long line.  Though countless PI authors (I know too well of what I speak) have been compared to the giants of this genre, giants with names such as Hammett, Chandler, and Macdonald, Estleman is the writer of our time who holds the best claim to a seat at the table with these immortals.  His PI creation, Amos Walker, remains as contemporary as the Rust Belt yet as classic as a Model T.<br />In SINISTER HEIGHTS, Walker is hired by the youngish widow of an automobile industry pioneer to locate the illegitimate heirs to her late husband's furtune.  She claims she wants to do right for these offshoots of the family tree, and Walker's investigation lands him in the middle of a complicated plot that moves fast and doesn't stop.  Murders and other crimes soon follow.  Estleman takes his reader on a joyride around post-industrial America, complete with Cayman Island bank accounts.<br />As Robert Parker did in his recent POTSHOT, Estleman features many secondary characters from past Walker novels.  This element gives SINISTER HEIGHTS a nostalgic feel for the experienced Estleman reader and adds an enormous depth to his story.  <br />SINISTER HEIGHTS is among Loren Estleman's finest works.	2002-03-18
The Boston Red Sox of Private Cops	Decades ago with his GODWULF MANUSCRIPT, Robert B. Parker largely reinvented the mystery sub-genre of the tough-guy private eye novel.  He showed us all how to update this traditional American prototypical character for today's sensibilities, and Parker's Spenser has earned a place among the most popular of our age's PIs.<br />As does his beloved Red Sox, Parker sends a fresh Spenser mystery onto the field of play every year.  Each spring, Spenser seems like a championship creation.  Every novel is consistently thrilling, witty, unpredictable, and, in the end, a bit heartbreaking.  This series is obviously written by a Red Sox fan.  One knows when they begin that in the end all will not be idyllic.<br />WIDOW'S WALK fits this Spenser mold perfectly.  Parker is amazingly consistent.  In this novel, Spenser is hired by Rita Fiore (an series semi-regular)to help build her defense for her client Mary Smith.  Mary's husband, Nathan, of Mayflower lineage, is murdered.  Mary, his much younger and terribly unfaithful, widow is everyone's, including Rita's, favorite suspect.<br />Spenser springs into action.  Pearl the Wonder Dog is on hand.  Susan is here, and, of course, so is Hawk.  WIDOW'S WALK has all we have grown to expect from Parker's series.  The witty dialog snaps rapidly throughout.  Parker's social observations are astute.  The true origin of the crime rests with a real estate scam.  As one reads WIDOW'S WALK, one has to hope that this year the Red Sox will actually find a way to win the World Series in October.  The last time Parker's team won it, the Series was played in September.<br />WIDOW'S WALK is an excellent novel.	2002-03-18
A Chilling Thriller for Our Global Village	With MURDER ONLINE, Beth Anderson has written the perfect Internet noir thriller.  Ms. Anderson has taken the police procedural into the Twenty-First Century with this unique mystery merging a traditional fair-play whodunit with a police procedural and updated with the technology of the World Wide Web.<br />Claire Jenson is a downstate Illinois widow who is faced with another loss when her daughter True is murdered in the big bad city of Chicago.  Chicago detective Marty Slade is assigned to the case, and he soon begins to become absorbed in the homicide investigation.<br />In many ways, MURDER ONLINE is a perfectly structured mystery.  Ms. Anderson presents the set-up in the opening chapter.  She introduces the major characters early on and begins the development of her varied subplots, immediately hooking her reader into her novel.  Her novel ends with a cleverly dangerous plot climax.<br />There is a suggestion of romance between the widow and the detective.  There are sibling rivalries between the murder victim and her sister that may have contributed to the murder.  The suspects all appear on stage in one guise or another.  The clues are provided, yet they are only obvious in retrospect. The multible themes are well developed.<br />A central focus of MURDER ONLINE involves the dark side of the Internet and its chatrooms.  Claire takes it upon herself to hunt down her daughter's murderer in cyberspace.  Ms. Anderson presents a disturbing picture of Internet stalking as Claire and Marty eventually uncover the identity of True's murderer.<br />When her reader finishes this novel, Ms. Anderson has certainly made her point about the disturbed people who can lurk among the strands of the World Wide Web. There are definitely sick people out there, shielding their identities and committing disgustingly harmful acts via their Internet hook-ups.<br />I read this book in one sitting, and I certainly recommend it highly.	2002-01-19
Excellent Overview of Contemporary Mysteries	Robert Randisi has succeeded masterfully in pulling together a single volume of works that provides his reader with a brief, thorough, and excellent overview of contemporary mysteries.  The stories in this collection feature the &quot;first&quot; cases of many of today's leading sleuths.  Unlike many short story anthologies, there is a great range in tone and subject matter in this FIRST CASES volume.  Some stories are cozies while others are hardboiled.  All fit somewhere across our genre's spectrum.<br />I was pointed to this short story collection by my favorite mystery bookseller.  I told her I needed a fresh text for this upcoming semester's course on writing mystery short stories that I regularly teach in the California State University system.  Students in that class usually have a wide range of writing interests, and FIRST CASES--VOLUME 3 provides models that can apply to their varying literary efforts.  It features stories by Tony Hillerman, Gar Anthony Haywood, Laura Lippman, Lawrence Block, Maxine O'Callaghan, and Anne Perry, among others.  There is even a Talmage Powell story dating from the mystery genre's pulp fiction years.  I am quite pleased with this collection, and it is now among my course's required texts when this semester's course begins soon.	2002-01-06
Nameless Earns His Name	From the moment one reads the dedication of this Nameless mystery, one realizes what a special book BLEEDERS is.  Bill Pronzini dedicates BLEEDERS to himself &quot;without whom this series would never have been written.&quot;<br />As in the recent Nameless mysteries, Nameless is showing his age and his maturity.  He is realizing that, while his work is important to him, there is more to life than merely running his PI agency.  He is married now, of course, and he has an adopted daughter he acquired in the previous novel.  His family responsibilities are becoming more and more important to him.<br />The plotline of this story involves a grifting scheme that leads to murders.  It nearly costs Nameless his life, too.  As with all Pronzini works, the book moves far beyond the mystery genre and addresses serious moral themes.  As always, Pronzini is a moralistic writer in the best senses of the term.<br />The plot works fabulously, and the characters seem realistic.  The interaction between everyone on stage couldn't work better.  In the end, Nameless realizes his name is Daddy.  It is bestowed on him by his adopted daughter, and he decides to make certain major life changes.<br />While it is suggested throughout the work that BLEEDERS may mark the end of this long-running series, I hope the series continues.  Bill Pronzini, in my opinion, is the finest mystery writer of his generation.  The influence of this series will long be felt in the mystery genre.  His Nameless character may now be Daddy to a little girl, yet he has always been the father of the private detectives created by those of us who have begun our writing careers in recent years.	2002-01-03
This Year's Best Almanac	No other almanac comes close.  This one is hands-down the best. This book, in its various annual editions, has always proven to be among the most reliable of reference texts for both of my professions.  With this edition, I particularly enjoyed the deailed census data as well as THE WORLD ALMANAC's thorough coverage of Major League Baseball.  This year's news photos were excellent.  So was the coverage of the events of September 11 and its aftermath, a story that was still evolving as the almanac was being prepared for publication.  All in all, THE WORLD ALMANAC 2002 is a extraordinary work.	2001-12-10
A Dead Principal's Society	Having been a classroom teacher, a department chair, an academy  lead teacher, and a gifted and talented program coordinator during my over twenty-year career in public education, I absolutely love Matt Witten's latest Jacob Burns Mystery--THE KILLING BEE.  Jacob is the upstate New Yorker who has finally struck it rich as a writer by peddling an embarrassing script to Hollywood that was made into an even more embarrassing movie.  He'd spent decades writing artistic works before his sudden wealth, yet now he doesn't even mind having writer's block.  He keeps himself busy solving murders.<br />Jacob, fortunately, has many homicidal friends.  In this fourth series book, Jacob and some fellow parents are attempting to convince the principal of their local elementary school to establish a gifted and talented program.  The principal ends up dead, and Jacob realizes he must solve the crime.  He is the individual most thoroughly acquainted with this dead principal's society.<br />Mr. Witten achieves an ideal tone in this light-hearted mystery.  I enjoyed the way he handled his various suspects, especially the single-mother initially arrested for the crime.  Mr. Witten has spent some time around public education, and he knows the school environment well.  He skewers the education bureaucracy with expertise, and his repeated comments about America's obsession with standardized tests are perfectly accurate.  Every teacher I know who has read THE KILLING BEE agrees with those views.  The various teacher-types and parent-types were fun to watch, as was the odd school board member who had more than his share of hidden secrets.<br />All in all, I believe THE KILLING BEE is Matt Witten's finest book yet.  His plot is first-rate, and his recurring characters are enjoyable as Jacob juggles crime solving with family responsibilities involving a wife and two children.  This book could not have been a more enjoyable read.	2001-11-30
A Series That Keeps Improving	Carolina Garcia-Aguilera is one of the finest mystery writers to emerge within the last decade.  With her sixth Lupe Solano mystery BITTER SUGAR, Ms. Garcia-Aguilera keeps her reputation improving.  In this novel, Lupe finds herself hired by an old friend of her father's.  The expatriate Cuban sugar planter wants Lupe to investigate the details of a business proposal involving sugar plantations that had been held by his family for nearly two centuries before Castro's revolution.  A homicide soon occurs, and Lupe finds herself dragged once more into an adventure suited perfectly for a contemporary American woman with proud ties to her Cuban roots.  As always, Lupe and her supporting characters are major attractions of this series.  Ms. Garcia-Aguilera's presentation of the minlging of cultures in the Florida of today is another treat I especially enjoy.  BITTER SUGAR is among the best of the Lupe Solano series, and I recommend it heartily.	2001-11-28
A Fascinating Read	George Piccard has put together a fascinating book here with his debut effort, LIQUID CONSPIRACY.  I found Mr. Piccard's work to be intriguing.  I believe most informed readers would be intrigued, too.  He ties together a wide series of events and mysteries, and he presents an interesting case.  JFK.  Area 51.  Marilyn Monroe.  Cults.  Roswell.  Black helicopters.  And more. I recommend LIQUID CONSPIRACY.  You do not have to accept Mr. Piccard's theories to find the reading of LIQUID CONSPIRACY to be a worthwhile experience.	2001-11-27
Unique Voice	Those mystery readers searching for the truly fresh directions our genre will be taking in the future need to search out material being published by the numerous small presses scattered across America today.  Mari Ulmer's MIDNIGHT AT THE CAMPOSANTO is a perfect example of the unique voices now appearing in the mystery field.  Ms. Ulmer has written a terrific book.  It spins a tale as good as any being published by the big houses today, yet it also features elements that would never appear in the books of America's major publishing houses.  Her protagonist, Christina Garcia y Grant is an admirable creation, as are Christy's supporting characters.  Ms. Ulmer's story reveals a deep and thorough understanding of the mixture of cultures that has occurred in northern New Mexico.  Her plot moves swiftly, twisting and turning as her story progresses.  Her dialog snaps to life from the printed page.  Her characters are fully realized, yet it is her setting and that setting's cultural depth that made MIDNIGHT AT THE CAMPOSANTO such a fulfilling read for me.  Ms. Ulmer knows what she is writing about, and she writes as well as anyone working today.	2001-11-26
Lorie Ham's Fresh Winner	I recall recently reading an interview of a bestselling mystery author in which the author asserted that readers should search out contemporary small-press mystery authors because these fresh voices write books of equal or superior quality to those written by the celebrated names of our genre.  Lorie Ham, her Alexandra Walters series, and her new THE TROUBLE WITH TENORS proves this point perfectly.  Ms. Ham has created a fresh mystery series with a unique perspective.  Her protagonist, Alex, is a Christian singer and a single mother.  The novel is set against the backdrop of a gospel music convention in a town in California's Central Valley.  Alex's ex-husband is in town for the convention, and he wants custody of their child Jessica.  Alex lets her ex know she will do anything to stop him from stealing her child and soon the ex ends up shot dead.  Ms. Ham spins a great mystery tale from there, piling on suspects with good reasons to want the victim dead.  The plot is filled with action, and Alex's boyfriend, a PI with Mafia connections, plays a major part.  While Alex and many of her associates are Christian, their religious beliefs do not dominate the story.  Their faith merely makes up elements of their characters.  THE TROUBLE WITH TENORS is a terrific new mystery by an up-and-coming author.	2001-11-25
Dangerously Thought Provoking	I'm a novelist with my debut work in initial release, a government instructor, and a social activist.  I'm currently teaching within the California State University system, and I first read Barber's JIHAD VS. MCWORLD in its original release.  It raises thought provoking questions about global capitalism.  It also raises thought provoking questions about tribalism.  Barber discusses these movements and their offshoots.  He speculates on how they are and will influence the world in which we live.  This book is important.  I recommend it highly.	2001-10-16
CHINA'S SYNDROME	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I do my best to read a wide variety of mystery fiction to see which books succeed and which books fail in this literary genre.  If a book fails, I'll never review it.  There are already plenty of faceless reviewers who get their kicks panning books while hiding securely in cyberspace.  Susan Wittig Albert's MISTLETOE MAN succeeds masterfully on its terms.  China, a former lawyer, is operating an herb shop in a New Ageish Texas town.  Her source for mistletoe gets murdered, and China, in conjunction with her assortment of friends and associates, set out to solve this cozy mystery.  Ms. Albert's style is light and breezy.  Her story is entertaining.  I recommend MISTLETOE MAN highly.	2001-10-12
TIGER IS EVERYONE'S HERO	I'm a mystery novelist who lives in Palm Desert, the golf capital of the world.  Every few months, Tiger Woods visits our community to compete in professional events.   Most people I know golf, and Tiger Woods is everyone's hero. In HOW I PLAY GOLF, Tiger provides the tips one would expect in such a book.  As a bonus, there is some remarkable photography of this remarkable man playing this remarkable sport. Most significantly to me is Tiger's expressions in HOW I PLAY GOLF of his love and respect for his sport.  If this young man doesn't stop generating excitement for golf, it will soon be impossible for ordinary duffers to get tee times.  This is a great book on many levels.  I recommend it highly.	2001-10-11
TIGER IS EVERYONE'S HERO	I'm a mystery novelist who lives in Palm Desert, the golf capital of the world.  Every few months, Tiger Woods visits our community to compete in professional events.  Most people I know golf, and Tiger Woods is everyone's hero. In HOW I PLAY GOLF, Tiger provides the tips one would expect in such a book.  As a bonus, there is some remarkable photography of this remarkable man playing this remarkable sport. Most significantly to me is Tiger's expressions in HOW I PLAY GOLF of his love and respect for his sport.  If this young man doesn't stop generating excitement for golf, it will soon be impossible for ordinary duffers to get tee times.  This book is a great one on many levels.  I recommend it highly.	2001-10-11
No Kay Scarpetta in this Howler of a Comic Mystery	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I read a wide range of mysteries hoping to discover why certain books succeed while others fail.  Patricia Cornwell's ISLE OF DOGS succeeds masterfully.  If you are expecting a Kay Scarpetta novel, look elsewhere.  Check out Ms. Cornwell's backlist.  ISLE OF DOGS is best described as a comic mystery.  Cornwell's humor here is dark and black.  Police Chief Judy Hammer and former-journalist-now-cop Andy Brazil find themselves entangled in a bizarre story that takes place in Virginia while it seems like it would easily fit into the Florida school of odd and humorous crime fiction.  The governor orders speed traps all over Tangier Island.  In retaliation, Tangier Island's residents decide to withdraw their piece of paradise from the commonwealth.  Street thugs go after our cops who are going after a serial killer and also a dognapper.  ISLE OF DOGS is a funny book.  It is a terrific change of pace for Ms. Cornwell.	2001-10-11
TIGER IS EVERYONE'S HERO	I'm a mystery novelist who lives in Palm Desert, the golf capital of the world.  Every few months, Tiger Woods visits our community to compete in professional events.   Most people I know golf, and Tiger Woods is everyone's hero. In HOW I PLAY GOLF, Tiger provides the tips one would expect in such a book.  As a bonus, there is some remarkable photography of this remarkable man playing this remarkable sport. Most significantly to me is Tiger's expressions in HOW I PLAY GOLF of his love and respect for his sport.  If this young man doesn't stop generating excitement for golf, it will soon be impossible for ordinary duffers to get tee times.  This is a great book on many levels.  I recommend it highly.	2001-10-11
LEFT BEHIND SUCCEEDS ON ITS TERMS	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I do my best to read widely to learn which books work and which books don't.  If a book doesn't succeed, I won't bother to review it.  There are enough anonymous critics who get their kicks panning books while they keep themselves securely hidden namelessly in cyberspace.  LEFT BEHIND succeeds on its terms.  It tells its tale from a evangelical perspective.  It doesn't pretend to be doing anything else.  LEFT BEHIND reads well, and its characters are interesting.  Personally, I am very grateful for this series because reading these books helped my second son through a difficult phase of his teenaged life.  He graduated from high school as a National Merit Scholar and will soon be returning from college to escort his girlfriend, the young lady who gave him LEFT BEHIND as a Christmas gift, to their homeoming dance.  LEFT BEHIND works, especially on its own terms.	2001-10-10
A Perfect Example of Why We  Will Miss Robert Ludlum	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I read widely to remain aware of which books succeed and which books fail.  If a book fails, I won't bother to review it.  There are already enough anonymous critics who get their kicks panning books while remaining facelessly hidden in cyberspace.  Robert Ludlum's THE PROMETHEUS DECEPTION succeeds prefectly.  It also shows the world why we will miss the recently passed Mr. Ludlum.  THE PROMETHEUS DECEPTION is vintage Ludlum.  The plot features a formerly top-flight intelligence operative called back into action.  The are some questions, professional and personal, that concern this man that are still rooted in the Cold War.  There's romance, action, and adventure.  Double-crosses lead to triple-crosses and beyond.  THE PROMETHEUS DECEPTION is a fine work.  It succeeds.	2001-10-10
Award-Winning Robinson Comes Back Even Darker	...Peter Robinson's new mystery AFTERMATH not only succeeds--it succeeds masterfully.  Alan Banks is back on the scene, doing his job.  Robinson who could be basking in the glow from his recents awards instead tackles his most serious themes ever--domestic abuse, child abuse, torture, and sexual manipulation as well as murder.  The crimes in the plot grow increasingly complicated as the book progresses, and Banks has his share of problems with the women in his life.  AFTERMATH is dark.  It is gritty.  It may take place in the English countryside, but it ain't no cozy.	2001-10-10
AS THE SOVIET UNION WENT. . .	... I try to read widely to discover which books succeed and which books fail. ...  Mr. Borovik's THE HIDDEN WAR succeeds.  It provides a view of a superpower befuddled in a war with an impoverished nation that failed to understand the basic truth that poor countries must always let the superpowers have their way.  THE HIDDEN WAR reveals the Soviet government's confusion with its war and its aims in that land now called Afghanistan.  It reveals how Soviet soldiers lived, fought, died, and felt during that national misadventure.  There are obviously echoes from another superpower's misadventure in another chunk of Asia--to the south and to the east.  This book is important.  It needs to be read by anyone really wants to be an informed citizen.	2001-10-10
Sierra Peaks in FILM STRIP	...Since I'm writing this review, you know I believe Nancy Bartholomew's FILM STRIP works.  It is another fun novel about those adult entertainers at the Tiffany in Panama City, Florida.  Venus Lovemotion and Frosty Licks are two big name porn stars brought in to boost the gentlemen's club's profits.  Both end up dead, and we know who finds herself struggling to solve the murder.  Yes, Sierra Lavotini is on the case, and this case is loaded with fun.  There is even a little fun for Sierra to share with her detective friend John Nailor.  FILM STRIP is a fun read and sassy read, if you are looking for a fun and sassy read.  Even Fluffy has a good time.	2001-10-10
A Morality Tale for Our Ambiguous  Age	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I found Owen West's SHARKMAN SIX a fascinating work.  West tells the tale of a young American military officer assigned to help restore hope to nation sadly lacking almost all hope.  SHARKMAN SIX is set in Somalia during Operation Restore Hope.  Gavin Kelly is the military man in one of America's most unusual military adventures.  One of the men under Kelly's command shoots a Somali a short while after their unit lands on the shore.  Kelly must decide how to act and what to do.  This is a serious story that also explores the problems of contemporary military action by a superpower in the developing world.  It is a morality tale for our ambiguous age and an important book now more than ever.	2001-10-09
Never Disappointing	As an Anglo author who writes a mystery series starring a Latino private eye, I have always felt a strong kinship with Tony Hillerman, an Anglo author who writes mysteries starring Navajo tribal police officers.  I found this autobiography a fascinating read.  SELDOM DISAPPOINTED was never disappointing.  From the days of his youth growing up in Oklahoma to his days of success here and now, Tony Hillerman tells a great tale.  It is the greatest story he's ever told.  His memories of his mother are particularly touching, as is his affectionate comments about his wife and children.  Then, of course, there is his professional career.  Read SELDOM DISAPPOINTED as soon as you can.  You won't be disappointed.	2001-10-05
A Faithful Tribute	As a widely published poet with my debut mystery novel in its initial release, I found THE BEST-LOVED POEMS OF JACQUELINE KENNEDY ONASSIS an enjoyably study.  Having been a child in the first grade when President Kennedy was shot (I recall watching the custodian lower our school flag while explaining to myself and two friends what had just happened in Dallas), I am glad their daughter Caroline pulled together this collection of poetry that Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis loved the most.  I enjoyed reading it.  I am certain others will too.  I recommend it highly.	2001-10-05
Enter Laughing with Mr. Lansdale	One of my proudest moments as a mystery writer came when I had the distinct honor of appearing beside Joe R. Lansdale at a recent mystery convention.  We were discussing regional fiction.  I covered Southern California--the land of Yankees in Hawaiian shirts, as Joe Lansdale put it.  Mr. Lansdale, sipping a Dr. Pepper, covered East Texas, home territory for Hap Collins.  Joe R. Lansdale, having just won the Edgar for THE BOTTOMS, was the star of our author panel.  I was seated at his immediate right.  Mr. Lansdale has followed up on his award winning masterpeice by returning to his roots with a new witty Hap and Leonard novel.  Hap opens the book as a guard at a chicken plant.  Hap quickly becomes a hero by saving his employer's daughter.  Hap receives a large reward, and he decides to spend it on a luxury cruise.  Since his lover isn't on loving terms with him, Hap takes his buddy, Leonard, along for the ride.  As their trip progesses, these two gentlemen find themselves in a series of often hilarious, and violent, adventures.  Mr. Lansdale captures these characters with humor and insight.  His plot twists and turns.  CAPTAINS OUTRAGEOUS is a terrific book.  Read it soon.	2001-10-02
Enter Laughing with Mr. Lansdale	One of my proudest moments as a mystery writer came when I had the distinct honor of appearing beside Joe R. Lansdale at a recent mystery convention.  We were discussing regional fiction.  I covered Southern California--the land of Yankees in Hawaiian shirts, as Joe Lansdale put it.  Mr. Lansdale, sipping a Dr. Pepper, covered East Texas, home territory for Hap Collins.  Joe R. Lansdale, having just won the Edgar for THE BOTTOMS, was the star of our author panel.  I was seated at his immediate right.  Mr. Lansdale has followed up on his award winning masterpeice by returning to his roots with a new witty Hap and Leonard novel.  Hap opens the book as a guard at a chicken plant.  Hap quickly becomes a hero by saving his employer's daughter.  Hap receives a large reward, and he decides to spend it on a luxury cruise.  Since his lover isn't on loving terms with him, Hap takes his buddy, Leonard, along for the ride.  As their trip progesses, these two gentlemen find themselves in a series of often hilarious, and violent, adventures.  Mr. Lansdale captures these characters with humor and insight.  His plot twists and turns.  CAPTAINS OUTRAGEOUS is a terrific book.  Read it soon.	2001-10-02
THE STUFF THAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed Arturo Perez-Reverte's THE NAUTICAL CHART.  In many ways, Perez-Reverte's latest novel is a modernized take on the MALTESE FALCON.  Manuel Coy, a sailor drifting aimlessly, attends an auction where he witnesses Tanger Soto, a beautiful blonde working for a Madrid museum, win the bidding for a 17th Century atlas that may reveal the location of Dei Gloria, a legendary Jesuit ship sunk in 1767 by pirates seeking its priceless cargo of emeralds.  A ruthless contemporary band of crooked salvaging pirates are also seeking the ship for their far less noble motives.  Coy enlists on Tanger's side, and a romance develops amid the danger as the various characters pursue the sunken treasure.  I recommend this book highly.	2001-10-01
Not Your Father's Romance	As a mystery author with my debut novel currently in its initial release, I read a wide variety of fiction.  I genuinely enjoyed Stephanie Laurens' ALL ABOUT PASSION.  Gyles Rawlings, an honorary Cynster, decides that the time has come for the Fifth Earl of Chillingworth, himself, to marry.  Living in Regency England, he elects to marry for dynastic reasons, not love.  He selects a distant relative named Francesca whom he believes will provide him with heirs yet not engage his heart.  To the best of his knowledge, she is supposedly a docile blonde who will honor her obligations meekly and not trouble his soul.  This dynastic marriage is arranged, sight unseen.  Upon his wedding day, he discovers he's contracted to marry the wrong woman.  The Francesca he has mistakenly agreed to marry is a passionate woman who will challenge his heart.  The other woman was her cousin with the same name.  Sexual tension saturates this work, and Gyles finds himself reluctantly drawn to his wife and her loving passion.  Things don't work out exactly the way the Earl planned, especially when Francesca's life becomes threatened.  ALL ABOUT PASSION is a fun read.	2001-10-01
Read this Book!  Don't Mourn It!	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I read just about everything Richard Stark writes.  His Parker is as tough as any contemporary protagonist comes, and THE MOURNER is among Stark's best books.  It is exactly what you would expect from Stark and Parker.  Read it today or even sooner!	2001-10-01
Prolific Parker's Third Big One This Year	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am amazed at how prolific Robert B. Parker is at writing mystery fiction.  Not only does this master turn them out fast, he also turns them out great.  DEATH IN PARADISE is Parker's third Jesse Stone novel.  In case you don't remember, Jesse is the former LAPD officer who was fired for drinking on the job and landed as police chief in a crime-challenged Massachuetts town.  Basically, think of Jesse as Spenser with a drinking problem.  This time, a body of a teenaged girl is found, and Jesse investigates her murder.  The investigation leads him into the world of child exploitation.  Subplots include Jesse adjusting to his new life and re-adjusting to his old ex-wife.  Parker has another winner here.  DEATH IN PARADISE is a great book.	2001-10-01
SLAUGHTER'S SLAUGHTER	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am impressed by Karin Slaughter's debut Sara Linton novel.  BLINDSIGHTED reads like a solid medical examiner thriller.  Ms. Slaughter is confidently following in the footsteps of Patrica Cornwell.  This novel has more than its share of gore and violence.  It is not for the faint-hearted.  If you like your crime fiction loaded with blood, death, rape, danger, and suspense, BLINDSIGHTED is for you.	2001-09-30
BURKE IS BACK AT HIS BEST	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I believe Andrew H. Vachss's thirteenth Burke novel is his best yet.  Burke is true to form, living a life supported by violence.  His live-in lover, Gem, brokers his jobs and seems to be a perfect match for Burke.  Vachss tells a noirish tale concerning Burke being hired to find Rosebud. Rosebud is no sled.  She's the missing teenaged daughter of an oddly secretive and chemically-burdened family.  Drugs, pain management drugs, also play a part in the novel's second plotline, and eventually the two stories converge.  Excellent read.  PAIN MANAGEMENT is Burke's finest adventure and Vachss' best work.	2001-09-30
The Best and the Brightest of Today's Leadership Generation	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I have always admired journalist David Halberstam's contemporary histories.  In WAR IN A TIME OF PEACE, Mr. Halberstam examines the past decade or so of American history and its reluctant national participation in world affairs.  As always, his observations are astute and insightful.  Opening with the Gulf War, the book discusses how our country genuinely wanted to focus on domestic issues, not international problems.  Mr. Halberstam presents his take on various American military adventures in such places as Somalia, Haiti, and the Balkans.  He also sketches portraits of this generation of national leadership including Bush the First, Clinton, Powell, Albright, and Gore.  WAR IN A TIME OF PEACE is an important book and should be a must-read for anoyne who desires to be a well-informed citizen.	2001-09-30
The Best and the Brightest of Today's Leadership Generation	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I have always admired journalist David Halberstam's contemporary histories.  In WAR IN A TIME OF PEACE, Mr. Halberstam examines the past decade or so of American history and its reluctant national participation in world affairs.  As always, his observations are astute and insightful.  Opening with the Gulf War, the book discusses how our country genuinely wanted to focus on domestic issues, not international problems.  Mr. Halberstam presents his take on various American military adventures in such places as Somalia, Haiti, and the Balkans.  He also sketches portraits of this generation of national leadership including Bush the First, Clinton, Powell, Albright, and Gore.  WAR IN A TIME OF PEACE is an important book and should be a must-read for anoyne who desires to be a well-informed citizen.	2001-09-30
Rei Comes Home to Trouble	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I truly admire how skillfully Sujata Massey toughens her Rei Shimura series with THE BRIDE'S KIMONO.  In this new novel, Rei, a Californian-born yet Tokyo-based antique dealer, accompanies a valuable collection of kimonos for display at a D.C. museum.  Upon arrival in Washington, Rei finds nothing but trouble.  Hugh Glendinning, her old lover, descends upon her at a social function, complicating her current relationship with Takeo Kayama.  A priceless bridal kimono is stolen, and a member of Rei's traveling party is murdered.  Rei becomes the chief suspect in the murder and the theft, as well as in a prostitution ring.  THE BRIDE'S KIMONO is tougher and harder-edged than Ms. Massey's previous books, but it remains a top-notch mystery.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-30
STILL MEANINGFUL AFTER ALL THESE YEARS	As an author with my first novel in its initial release and a Claremont-trained economics/political science instructor, I was thrilled to see THE ESSENTIAL DRUCKER finally appear in print.  This book pulls together Peter Drucker's most astute writings from his lengthy career as a leading expert in management/business/economics.  It also brought back memories of when I was an undergraduate at Clarmeont McKenna College when the graduate university caught Peter Drucker as its first big fish.  While I may have been a slightly biased reader, I feel THE ESSENTIAL DRUCKER is an excellent, and important, book.  I won't even elaborate on how Dr. Drucker's colorful wife used to terrorize the staff manning the circulation desk at Honnold Library when I worked there as a student.  The memories!	2001-09-30
This Time, It's Personal for Alex Cooper	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoy Linda Fairstein's Alex Cooper series.  Her current book, THE DEADHOUSE, is one of the strongest in her series.  Assistant District Attorney Alex Cooper finds herself involved on a deeply personal level in the homicide investigation into the death of Lola Dakota, an abused wife who was also a brilliant university professor.  While Lola refused to cooperate with prosecuting her husband for domestic abuse charges while she was alive, her death changes things.  The husband becomes Alex's prime suspect, but he seems to be in the clear because he was arrested a short time before the killing.  The chief clue is a paper with the word &quot;deadhouse&quot; and a series of numbers scribbled on it.  The deadhouse turns out to be an ancient hospital where smallpox victims once went to die.  Ms. Fairstein steams onward from there, and THE DEADHOUSE is a fabulous read.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-30
Romance by Vomit	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire the amazing quality of Julie Garwood's MERCY.  It is a clever work of romantic mystery.  A federal prosecutor first meets a gorgeous doctor when he vomits on her ball gown at a New Orleans gala.  Within hours, she saves his life with an emergency appendectomy.  He returns home, successfully brings down an organized crime mob, and begins receiving death threats.  He, obessed with his lifesaving doctor, decides to hide in her hometown.  Not all is well there, yet their romance blossoms as they take on the town's problems.  MERCY is an excellent romantic mystery/mysterious romance.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-30
A Timely Thriller	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire the timeliness of David Hagberg's techno-thriller JOSHUA'S HAMMER.  The villain is Osama bin Laden.  Yes, that Osama bin Laden.  The plot involves the villain's acquisition of tactical, and highly portable, nuclear weapons.  Hagberg's book reads like Tom Clancy by way of Ian Fleming.  Hagberg's hero, Kirk McGarvey, is back on the scene, and the battle between America and international terror has become intensely personal.  JOSHUA'S HAMMER is a fascinating read, especially in light our recent tragedies.  Wouldn't the world be a better place if life was merely as simple as it is in this complex thriller in which a good man wages a basic human fight against evil?	2001-09-29
A Timely Thriller	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire the timeliness of David Hagberg's techno-thriller JOSHUA'S HAMMER.  The villain is Osama bin Laden.  Yes, that Osama bin Laden.  The plot involves the villain's acquisition of tactical, and highly portable, nuclear weapons.  Hagberg's book reads like Tom Clancy by way of Ian Fleming.  Hagberg's hero, Kirk McGarvey, is back on the scene, and the battle between America and international terror has become intensely personal.  JOSHUA'S HAMMER is a fascinating read, especially in light our recent tragedies.  Wouldn't the world be a better place if life was merely as simple as it is in this complex thriller in which a good man wages a basic human fight against evil?	2001-09-29
I WAS THRILLED TO FIND THIS BOOK	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release (and a creative writing professor at various California State Universities), I was thrilled to find this book.  As with most mystery authors, I cut my teeth reading Agatha Christie's books.  She invented the modern cozy, and these stories display Ms. Christie at the top of her talents.  If you like mystery short stories, these classics are for you.	2001-09-24
Rashid's Informative Book	As an author with my debut novel in current release, I genuinely believe that knowing is better than not knowing.  I picked up this book to learn more about the Taliban.  Ahmed Rashid's TALIBAN is extremely enlightening.  Rashid has done a thorough job of research, and he presents a vivid portrait of the Taliban and the country it rules.  His information on the organization's history, cultural underpinnings, and leadership is detailed and extensive.  His information regarding the social practices enforced by the Taliban makes it clear why our two societies are currently nearing conflict.  Rashid's TALIBAN should be read by any informed American who desires to understand the essence of current issues.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-24
An Empire Fading	As an author of a mystery novel in its initial release, I genuinely admire Orphan Pamuk's MY NAME IS RED.  It is set in the 16th Century as the Ottoman is starting to fade from its premier postion of power and influence on the world stage.  MY NAME IS RED is a complex novel with elements of the mystery and romance genres within its plot stucture.  It is primarily a novel of intellectual concepts as Western ideas begin to influence intellectual Ottoman thinkers.  MY NAME IS RED is a terrific book--a serious book.  You should read it soon.	2001-09-20
Still Controversial--After All These Years	I'm an author of a mystery novel in current release that features a Stanford-educated detective of Latino heritage as its protagonist, an American government/economics teacher (for over twenty years) in a rural California high school with a student population that is over 98% Latino, and I have attended several lectures/discussions by Richard Rodriguez over the years. His HUNGER OF MEMORY remains one of the most controversial books in the community in which I work for a significant portion of every year. HUNGER OF MEMORY is viciously hated by some of the most gifted students I have ever had. Others love it. My fellow professionals argue over Mr. Rodriguez and his positions on assimilation and bilingual education. I respect this book and this man. I don't necessarily agree with all he writes, but I do agree he writes what he writes well. I admire what Richard Rodriguez has gone through in life, and I admire the courage of his positions. HUNGER OF MEMORY is an excellent book that anyone interested in the contemporary American Southwest should read. It is extremely educational.	2001-09-20
AN ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY BOOK	Okay, I'm biased.  I'm the author of a mystery novel in current release that features a Latino private investigator as the protagonist, and I've been teaching in a rural California high school with a student population over 98% Hispanic for over twenty years.  This biography, loaded with photographs and facts, is perfect for today.  It clearly proves what an exceptional man Cesar Chavez was and what exceptional accomplishments that man achieved.  If you have any interest in the real America, you have to read this book.	2001-09-20
A Sultry Southern Romantic Mystery	As a mystery author with my debut novel in current release, I genuinely admire Beverly Barton's EVERY MOVE SHE MAKES.  Ms. Barton tells the tale of Reed Conway who, at age 18, was convicted of killing his stepfather, Junior Blalock.  Reed served his, actually someone else's, time, and returns home to his Alabama hometown.  He wants to find the actual killer.  The actual killer wants Reed back in prison before his guilt for the homicidal act is exposed.  The town is full of possible suspects, including the one-time DA who sent Reed to the pen.  The former DA, Web Porter, is now a senator, and there are romantic links between Web and Reed's mother.  Web also has an attractive daughter who becomes romantically involved with Reed.  Then the plot grows at little more complicated.  EVERY MOVE SHE MAKES is a sultry southern romantic mystery you will enjoy.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-20
GERMS--America's Next War?	As a crime fiction writer with my debut novel in initial release, I found GERMS fascinating.  Within minutes of the shameful attack on our twin towers, I mentioned to my wife the possibility that truly determined terrorists could have planted biological weapons within their luggage as they boarded those airliners they planned to turn into bombs.  GERMS confirmed, to this reader, that such a possibility was at the very least possible.  Fortunately, it appears now that our nation has dodged that bullet on this occasion, but this book is a must-read work.  The journalists who collaborated on GERMS present frightening details involving the possibilitiy of biological warfare in our modern age.  They also report on our government's attempts to prepare for and, we hope, prevent such an attack.  We are living a new age.  Warfare will not be what we have witnessed in the past.  GERMS makes that fact clear.  Anyone who wants to be an informed citizen, ought to read this bok.	2001-09-18
A Nostalgic Read in this Age of True Terror	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I fished out my ancient copy of Frederick Forsyth's THE ODESSA FILE because I wanted to read about a time when evil was simpler and villians were much easier to comprehend.  THE ODESSA FILE is one of the most clever books I read as a young person, and it holds up well.  The bad guys are Nazi sympathizers, and the hero seems to be a crusader for world justice.  Forsyth spins quite a tale here.  His characters seem real.  He captures the essence of his setting perfectly.  I still love his final plot twist.  As I crime fiction author, I especially admire the hidden plot that exists just beneath the surface story that reader thinks she is absorbed within.  THE ODESSA FILE is a terrific book, even today.	2001-09-18
OVERPOWERING!	As a crime fiction writer with my debut novel in its initial release who also teaches in a rural high school, I found Jeffery Deaver's A MAIDEN'S GRAVE fascinating.  Eight students and two teachers from a Kansas school for the deaf are taken hostage by three escaped convicts.  Negotiations soon commence, and FBI negotiator Arthur Potter does his best to free the hostages.  A war of wills ensues, and Deaver has a great book on his hands.  His plot, with a surprising twist at the end, is first-rate.  His characters are believable.  His setting is too perfect.  I recommend A MAIDEN'S GRAVE highly.	2001-09-18
Information Everyone Needs to Know	...I wholeheartedly recommend Simon Reeve's THE NEW JACKALS.  Reeve, a respected journalist, has done some magnificent research here.  In THE NEW JACKALS, Reeve clearly explains the methods of our world's leading terorrists, their backgrounds, their motivations, and why they are a genuine threat to our way of life.  Read this book, and learn what we all now need to know.	2001-09-18
Perhaps a Bestseller	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was thrilled to see how Stephen King and Peter Straub brought back Jack Sawyer, their youthful hero from THE TALISMAN, in BLACK HOUSE--a horror story packaged in a fantasy framed within a mystery.  Jack is now in his thirties, and he's left the LAPD.  He's living in western Wisconsin where a horror story is occurring.  A serial killer is butchering children and dining on their bodies.  Jack has no specific memories of the Territories (from THE TALISMAN), but we all know that King and Straub are too talented of professionals to let this poor fellow be.  Jack finds himself roped into the investigation and haunted by wide-awake dreams and half-memories of the Territories.  You can guess where this book is heading--straight to the top of the bestseller lists.	2001-09-17
The Surgeon Cuts Close to the Bone	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am overwhelmed by the power of Tess Gerritsen's THE SURGEON.  Having spent some time in her first career as an internist, Tess Gerritsen puts her medical kowledge to good use in this thriller.  A serial killer strikes Boston, and a detective named Thomas Moore (called by some Saint Thomas because he is faithfully mourning his deceased wife) begins his investigation.  This serial killer is no Boston Strangler.  He butchers his victims with expert medical knowledge.  The press labels him The Surgeon.  While doing background research, Moore discovers that a serial killer in a distant city operated in a similar manner years earlier.  That killer was finally stopped when he made a run at the wrong woman, and she shot him.  Dr. Catherine Cordell, that woman, now practices in Boston, and the current killer seems to be working his way closer to Catherine.  Catherine knows it.  So does Saint Thomas, who is becoming emotionally connected to Catherine following his lengthy period of mourning.  It soon becomes obvious that Catherine's assistance will be necessary to stop The Surgeon's butchery.  She is buried under fear of this copycat killer.  Or is killer really a copycat?  THE SURGEON is a thrilling thriller.  Read it soon.	2001-09-16
Grisham Beware	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I want to warn the much-admired John Grisham.  Phillip Margolin is moving onto your turf, and Margolin's THE ASSOCIATE is a magnificent legal thriller.  This novel centers on Daniel Ames, an associate at a preppy law firm.  Dan has working class roots, and he's assigned to sort through reams of legal documents before his firm's client turns them over to the other side.  Dan's firm is representing a drug company, and the lawsuit implicates one of the company's drugs as the cause of horrible birth defects.  While a letter surfaces that seems to indicate his client's guilt, Dan isn't quite so sure.  As in any good legal thriller, motive,opportunity, and means become key questions, and other crimes, including homicide, occur.  Margolin has a winner here.  I recommend it heartily.	2001-09-14
A True Landmark	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I hope to one day write a book with the depth of James Baldwin's GO TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN.  We all have dreams, and that dream is one of mine.  GO TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN is a multi-layered novel dealing with the African-American experience during and after the massive migration of African-Americans from the rural south to the urban north.  He has fully fleshed-out characters, a sophisticated plot, and a narrative vocie perfectly suited to his subject matter.  Seldom has a better book been written.  If you haven't read this novel several times, get to work.	2001-09-14
THE NEXT JURY IS IN	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in current release, I genuinely enjoy Martha Grimes's Richard Jury series.  THE BLUE LAST is Ms. Grimes's current work, and it has a fascinating premise.  Over fifty years ago, was an identity switch perpetrated during the chaos of World War II?  Jury investigates.  The usual characters are on the scene.  There are some clever sub-plots.  The main story takes several unexpected twists and turns.  THE BLUE LAST is a winner.  I recommend it wholeheartedly.	2001-09-14
A SON OF AMERICA	As the author of a debut novel that deals with social inequities in contemporary America, I believe Richard Wright tackled that subject better than any other writer has before or since in NATIVE SON.  Mr. Wright tells the story of Bigger Thomas and the world of poverty, discrimination, and desperation in which he is trapped.  When he murders a white woman in a moment of panic, there is no way for Bigger to escape his doom.  NATIVE SON takes on what America was like in Wright's time, an America eerily similar to the America of today in too many ways.	2001-09-14
You Have the Whole World Willie Stark	As a California-based mystery novelist with Southern roots stretching back many generations, I was raised hearing from my father about the great things Huey Long accomplished in Louisiana--the schools, the universities, the roads, the bridges, and the hospitals.  Dad never mentioned the quasi-police state the populist governor established while he ruled Louisiana.  While in college, I first read Robert Penn Warren's fictionalized treatment of the founder of the Long Dynasty.  ALL THE KING'S MEN tells the story of Willie Stark, an initially idealistic small-town pol who learns how to win big by losing first.  Jack Burden, Stark's idealistic hatchetman, narrates the tale and shows the reader how Willie becomes slowly corrupted by wealth, power, and ego.  I've read this book many times, and each time I find myself fascinated by the moral ambiguities of the Stark character.  Willie got into politics to do good.  Even at the end, he still believes he is on the side of right battling the forces of evil.  In his novel, Robert Penn Warren wrote, I contend, the most perceptive biography of Huey Long ever written.  ALL THE KING'S MEN is a literary landmark of the last century.	2001-09-14
Thanks Jack	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed reading Jack Welch's autobiography, JACK: STRAIGHT FROM THE GUT.  I realize I'm a biased reader, though.  Jack made me some money.  During the years Jack served as CEO of GE, I did hold some stock in his company.  That stock did okay while he was in charge.  But, so what?  His book is still an enjoyable read.  He tells how he succeeded in business by really trying.  He stayed out of the pack and rose to the top.  As an economics instructor, I found his observations about corporate culture and suggestions about managment style well worth the price of the book.  He talks about some of his correct decisions as well as some of his mistakes.  He reveals quite a bit of personality.  I enjoyed this book.  For an icon of contemporary American capitalism, Jack Welch is living a fairly interesting life.	2001-09-12
Among Bellow's Best	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a great admirer of Saul Bellow.  I think highly of all of his works, and I consider his ADVENTURES OF AUGIE MARCH among his finest novels.  To some degree, I suppose because of its title, I've always considered this book Bellow's 20th Century version of Mark Twain's 19th Century THE ADVENTURES OF HUCKLEBERRY FINN.  Augie March has also consistently reminded me of Tom Jones (the Fielding character, not the Welsh singer).  Bellow's novel follows the picaresque adventures of a young man searching for a worthwhile fate.  His adventures are believable, honest, and often hilarious.  THE ADVENTRUES OF AUGIE MARCH is a landmark of 20th Century American literature.	2001-09-11
Guess Who?  Cuddy and Justin Return	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I have been wondering when I'd next read a Michael Malone mystery.  He vanished from the mystery world, yet now, over a decade after vanishing, he has returned with his North Carolina-based series starring police officers Cuddy Mangum and Justin Savile.  FIRST LADY is as well written as his previous novels.  It is thoroughly contemporary--a bit hardboiled and noirish with violence and sex.  There is political corruption, odd characters, official manipulation, and sensational crimes.  Our protagonists are flawed characters though good men.  Cuddy and Justin are searching for a serial killer known in the media as Guess Who.  Malone's plot is well-paced.  His story seems believable.  FIRST LADY is a fine work--well worth the long wait.	2001-09-11
LIPPMAN'S TOAST TO POE	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed Laura Lippman's toast to our genre's founder, Edgar Allan Poe.  In her latest novel, IN A STRANGE CITY, Ms. Lippman plants her protagonist, Tess Monaghan, in the middle of a contemporary mystery story that is a pure tribute to Poe.  A murder occurs during the observance of Poe's birthday at the great author's tomb when two cloaked Visitors show up with roses and cognac to serve as the Poe Toaster.  A shot is fired.  One toaster dies.  The other flees.  Tess witnesses the homicide and soon finds herself involved in other Poe-esque plot elements.  The story includes multiple murders, a woman buried alive, and still unanswered questions involving Poe's life.  As usual, Lippman's writing is first-rate and her beloved Baltimore is rendered perfectly.  IN A STRANGE CITY is Lippman's best book yet.  Read it.  You won't be disappointed.	2001-09-11
One of the Finest Novels Ever to Find Its Way into Print	As an author with my debut novel (which deals with social inequities in contemporary American society) in its initial release, I have been an admirer of Ralph Ellison's INVISIBLE MAN since I first read it too many years ago during college.  I've read it several times since then, and I grow more impressed with the novel each time I read through it.  Mr. Ellison's novel follows a young man through his journey to knowledge and self-awareness.  Along the way, he encounters most of the defining experiences of the 20th Century African-American experience.  Every person should read INVISIBLE MAN--including you.	2001-09-11
O'NEILL'S FINEST	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release (and a former drama coach), I am a great admirer of the works of Eugene O'Neill.  LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT, simply put, is the finest play ever written by an American playwright.  It tells the tale of a troubled family--the competing egos, ambitions, delusions, and escapes of the varied family members.  It is largely based on O'Neill's family.  This play has won every award imaginable, and it is still frequently staged.  LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT is immortal.  It belongs to the ages, and it will survive forever.	2001-09-11
SAVAGELY BEAUTIFUL	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated with Nancy Milford's biography of Edna St. Vincent Millay.  SAVAGE BEAUTY is a groundbreaking book about a groundbreaking woman.  Ms. Milford tells the story of Ms. Millay's life from her youth as a most promising young writer to her unfortunate tragic death.  Without pulling many punches, Ms. Milford presents Ms. Millay at the height of her fame--when she was queen of the American literary world.  It discusses her nontraditional lifestyle and her freewheeling sexual adventures.  SAVAGE BEAUTY is a great book--well written and accurate.  Read it soon.  You will enjoy it.	2001-09-11
Under the Red, White, &amp; Blue	As an author of a novel in its initial release that addresses, among other themes, the essence of what makes an American an American, I genuinely enjoyed Irvin Molotsky's THE FLAG, THE POET, &amp; THE SONG.  Mr. Molotsky, a semi-retired newspaperman, spins a wonderful tale about the history of our national anthem.  This book is light.  It is a popular history.  It is amusing, yet it is most enlightening.  Mr. Molotsky presents a history of the War of 1812, which led directly to Francis Scott Key's composing of the poem that became the song.  He discusses the American invasion of Canada (yes, we did invade Canada) and the burning of Toronto (then York) that led to the British infamous torching of Washington (I bet that was in your history books).  He also paints a portrait of Francis Scott Key (a distant relative of F. Scott Fitzgerald whose masterpiece THE GREAT GATSBY was briefly called UNDER THE RED, WHITE, &amp; BLUE--which I used for the title of this review) who reluctantly joined the militia during the war.  Mr. Molotsky additionally explains the compostion of the poem, its linkage to a British drinking song, and its evolution into the national anthem with the final two words &quot;Play Ball!&quot;  THE FLAG, THE POET, &amp; THE SONG is a informative book.  It is well-written.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-10
TOUCHING EVIL FROM A FASCINATING PERSPECTIVE	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated with Kay Hooper's TOUCHING EVIL.  Ms. Hooper's protagonist is an amazing woman.  Maggie Barnes is a Seattle police sketch artist who can draw dead-on portraits of unknown criminals by merely listening to their victims tell their stories.  Some people on the PD think she is telepathic.  Maggie's not telling.  Then Seattle becomes gripped by a series of crimes more horrible than it has ever seen before.  Maggie soon realizes she has links this monster perp, and she knows she is going to have to push her skills beyond beyond all limits to save herself and her city from this evil.  TOUCHING EVIL is a great mystery.	2001-09-10
Another Harpur &amp; Iles Winner	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I enjoy the books in this series written by Bill James.  In PAY DAYS, James has pulled it all together once again.  Harpur and Iles are in familiar form, struggling through their unorthodox crime-solving partnership.  So are our heroes' criminal rivals Ember and Shale.  James has a plot here featuring a possibly turncoat cop who no one on either side of the law knows whether or not he can be trusted.  In PAY DAYS, Bill James does what Bill James does as well as any other writer working today.  If you enjoy this type of mystery, read this book soon.	2001-09-10
FORE!	Being a Palm Desert-based author with my debut novel in its initial release, I absolutely loved Dan Jenkins' THE MONEY-WHIPPED STEER-JOB THREE-JACK GIVE-UP ARTIST.  Perhaps I loved this satirical golf novel because I live in the Golf Capital of the World.  Perhaps I loved this novel because we have more golfers and golf competitions than anywhere else in the world.  Perhaps I loved this novel because I've known members of America's past Ryder Cup teams.  Perhaps I loved this book merely because it is a fun and well-written work.  It tells the hilarious tale of Bobby Joe Grooves, a journeyman touring pro, who'd love to make the Ryder Cup team.  Bobby Joe has professional troubles and romantic troubles.  He's even trying to write a memoir.  Dan Jenkins' novel is a fun work, and I hope you enjoy it.	2001-09-09
Among My Most Common Recommendations	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release and an educator in an impoverished border-area high school with a student population usually 99% Latino, I can safely say that Gabriel Garcia Marquez's ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE is among the most common book recommendations I make to my most gifted students.  ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE rests near the top of last century's literary works.  It is the perfect example of magical realism, and it practically introduced Latin American literature to the world scene.  This book is tops.  If you haven't read it, do!	2001-09-09
The Debut of Justice	Let me admit my bias first.  I'm a Southern California-based mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, and I've met John Morgan Wilson several times.  In fact, we shared the same table at the awards banquet at the last Bouchercon and then had drinks together afterward.  After coming clean with my bias, I still freely admit that SIMPLE JUSTICE is one of the finest mysteries published in recent years.  Mr. Wilson takes a flawed character, Benjamin Justice, a reporter who slipped up a bit on journalism's ethical standards and hence blew a Pulitzer Prize, and gives Justice a chance to begin to reclaim his life and his reputation.  SIMPLE JUSTICE is a terrific mystery.  It is a terrific novel.  John Morgan Wilson has created a fabulous plot, and he vividly describes his settings and his characters.  This novel deserved the awards it received.  Read it soon, if you haven't already.	2001-09-09
THE BIG STRIKE OUT	Being a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed Richard Rosen's STRIKE THREE, YOU'RE DEAD.  Having written, early in my career, a series of mystery short stories set against a bush league baseball backrop, I know well the territory Mr. Rosen is exploring.  Harvey Blissberg is a star player on the expansion Providence Jewels.  He was once a star for the Boston Red Sox.  His best friend is murdered, and Harvey finds himself forced to solve the crime.  This book won an Edgar in its initial release.  FADEAWAY, STURDAY NIGHT DEAD, and WORLD OF HURT followed it.  Now a decade later, Mr. Rosen is resurrecting his series in a few months with DEAD BALL.  Mr. Rosen's series is a fine one, mixing equal parts of mystery and baseball ( and as Robert Parker once wrote about Troy Soos's excellent baseball mystery series,&quot;Equal parts of baseball and mystery are the perfect combination.&quot;)  Read this book as soon as you can.	2001-09-09
I'm Envious of this Masterful Romantic Thriller	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am envious of Sandra Brown's ENVY.  Ms. Brown has written a masterful romantic thriller.  While the plot requires a major suspension of belief--that any publisher would search out the author of a slush pile partial manuscript who had only signed the work with initials--this thriller reads well.  Maris Matherly-Reed is the editor who is so taken by a novel's prologue that she hunts down the initials-only author.  The plot spins onward from there, involving literary scams and personal revenge.  ENVY is a great read--combining a thrilling thriller with a romantic romance.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-09
INVENTING A LIFE	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was quite impressed by Tracy Chevalier's novel GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING.  Using the famous Vermeer painting as a launch pad, Ms. Chevalier invents a life for the historically unknown subject of this portrait.  Along the way, she provides convincing character portraits for Griet, Vermeer, and numerous other people encircling their lives.  Ms. Chevalier also captures the essence of their time and creates a realistic setting for her novel.  Great book.  Read it soon.	2001-09-09
I Couldn't Write Without This Book	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I freely admit the debt I owe to Tom Dalzell's FLAPPERS 2 RAPPERS.  Without Dalzell's collection of youth slang from the 19th Century to the present day, my novel would not have likely received the rave reviews it is receiving.  I use this book while writing to give my characters the voice of their time and place.  One of the most meaningful compliments I ever received about my writing came from a reader who was a Chavezista in her youth.  She told me I handled Chicano slang perfectly in my novel (which features a Latino protagonist).  I didn't tell her Tom Dalzell's book was my primary source for proper usage. It still is.  I admit it freely.  This book is fabulous.	2001-09-09
THE BEST OF TWAIN	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I recommend this collection of Mark Twain's works highly.  Singularly, each of these books is a landmark in American literature.  Collectively, they form the comprehensive &quot;must-read&quot; collection of one of the giants of American writing.  If you could own just one book by Mark Twain, this one would be it.	2001-09-08
Miller's Immortal Play	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release (and a one-time drama teacher), I truly admire Arthur Miller's immortal classic DEATH OF A SALESMAN.  While THE CRUCIBLE is perhaps more often produced, DEATH OF A SALESMAN is Miller's finest dramatic work.  Miller's play concerns a self-promoting yet self-defeating salesman named Willie Loman.  Loman is Miller's mid-century American Everyman, based to some degree upon one of his relatives, if I remember my literary history correctly.  This play deals with Willie's life and career--his failures in both.  I also always enjoy the relationship between the father and his sons as well as his sons' relationship with each other.  While THE CRUCIBLE deals with witch-hunt politics, DEATH OF A SALESMAN is centered on the human condition.  This play deserves to be read and produced forever.  It is an immortal work.	2001-09-08
Miller's Immortal Play	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release (and a one-time drama teacher), I truly admire Arthur Miller's immortal classic DEATH OF A SALESMAN.  While THE CRUCIBLE is perhaps more often produced, DEATH OF A SALESMAN is Miller's finest dramatic work.  Miller's play concerns a self-promoting yet self-defeating salesman named Willie Loman.  Loman is Miller's mid-century American Everyman, based to some degree upon one of his relatives, if I remember my literary history correctly.  This play deals with Willie's life and career--his failures in both.  I also always enjoy the relationship between the father and his sons as well as his sons' relationship with each other.  While THE CRUCIBLE deals with witch-hunt politics, DEATH OF A SALESMAN is centered on the human condition.  This play deserves to be read and produced forever.  It is an immortal work.	2001-09-08
Miller's Immortal Play	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release (and a one-time drama teacher), I truly admire Arthur Miller's immortal classic DEATH OF A SALESMAN.  While THE CRUCIBLE is perhaps more often produced, DEATH OF A SALESMAN is Miller's finest dramatic work.  Miller's play concerns a self-promoting yet self-defeating salesman named Willie Loman.  Loman is Miller's mid-century American Everyman, based to some degree upon one of his relatives, if I remember my literary history correctly.  This play deals with Willie's life and career--his failures in both.  I also always enjoy the relationship between the father and his sons as well as his sons' relationship with each other.  While THE CRUCIBLE deals with witch-hunt politics, DEATH OF A SALESMAN is centered on the human condition.  This play deserves to be read and produced forever.  It is an immortal work.	2001-09-08
An Energizer Bunny--It Keeps on Running	As a mystery novelist with my debut book in its initial release (and a one-time drama coach), I enjoy Agatha Christie's THE MOUSETRAP every time I view it.  The text itself is a great read, and when it is properly staged, the play is spectacular.  For those of you not familiar with THE MOUSETRAP, the plot involves a classic cozy murder mystery--perhaps the classic cozy murder mystery.  The characters are well-drawn, and my wife even verbally gasped when she first saw the play's final plot twist.  Great work.  I hope it survives forever.	2001-09-08
Hanging On and Hanging Together--THE JUSTUS GIRLS	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release that deals with social injustice in contemporary California, I found Slim Lambright's THE JUSTICE GIRLS fascinating.  At the funeral of a murdered friend, three women are reunited.  As a foursome, these women, then girls, grew up in working class Philadelphia during the 1950's and formed their own drill team that they named The Justus Girls.  They were best friends then, and they promised to always be there for one another.  As time passed, they grew apart.  Together, the quartet experienced most of the diverse elements that impacted America in general and African-American women in particular over the next few decades.  Through flashbacks and memories, Lambright allows the reader to experience the women's experiences.  While they band together at the funeral to discover what actually happened to their murdered friend, they discover much much more.  The reader does too.  I recommend this book highly.	2001-09-07
How to Write, Simply	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release and an instructor who teaches at both the college and secondary levels, I can safely say that THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE is simply the finest how-to book for writing.  Anyone who wants to know how to write, or write better, professionally or otherwise, needs to have a copy of this book.  All is explained.  All is made clear.  I, for one, would rather leave home without my American Express Card than without this book.	2001-09-07
Tell Us About The South, Mr. Faulkner	A California author with my debut novel in its initial release, I have always been facinated by ABSALOM, ABSALOM!  I realize I'm an easy mark for this book.  My Southern roots run deep, though my mother's side of the family.  She grew up in a small town in Alabama, and I've always read Faulkner, to some degree, to gain insights into my late mother's life experiences and background.  I believe ABSALOM, ABSALOM! is William Faulkner's strongest work, but there are many works that one could claim is his strongest.  He is the greatest American writer of all time.  ABSALOM, ABSALOM!, on one level, deals with the story of Thomas Sutpen and his attempt to build a dynasty on Sutpen's Hundred.  Sutpen was born poor,and he dreams of greatness.  He establishes a plantation.  He desires sons to carry on his legacy, yet his sons impact his life in unexpectedly tragic ways.  On another level, Faulkner deals with the issues of race, exploitation, and slavery.  Sutpen's first wife has black blood.  His son by this woman, hence, has black blood.  Sutpen repudiates both and that repudiation comes back to haunt him.  On a completely different level, Faulkner deals with Quentin Compson, a grandson of one Sutpen's friends, who uses this story to reconcile himself to his past, his life, and his history while he is a student at Harvard.  And ABSALOM, ABSALOM! keeps growing deeper and deeper with significance on top of significance atop significance.  Better books have been written in human history--perhaps three or four.	2001-09-07
LOVE STORY WORKS	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I have endless admiration for Eric Segal's LOVE STORY.  Upon release, the critics hated it.  Everyone else loved it.  Most of those who loved it, bought it.  I remember reading it in high school to impress a certain longhaired blonde.  She wanted to go East to college because that was where Jenny went.  I would have accepted Harvard, had Harvard had the wisdom to accept me, yet I ended up in Claremont.  LOVE STORY tells a simple story of undergraduate love.  Oliver's a rich jock.  Jenny is a musician on scholarship.  Oliver's relationship with his familty is strained.  Jenny is close to her father.  We all know what happens to Jenny, yet the book endures better than the tear-jerker movie.  While the film is perhaps a victim of the fashions of its time, Eric Segal's language remains contemporary.  LOVE STORY still works.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-07
NO FALSE CONCEPTION WITH THIS BOOK	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I enjoy Stephen Greenleaf's John Marshall Tanner mysteries.  FALSE CONCEPTION is one of my favorites.  In this book, Tanner finds himself entangled in a case involving surrogate parenthood.  A wealthy couple, unable to have children in the traditional manner, decide to take the surrogate route.  Their surrogate mother, who seemed to have checked out solidly in advance, disappears early in her pregnancy.  Tanner finds himself searching for the missing woman and uncovering secrets about everyone involved in the situation.  FALSE CONCEPTION is a well-plotted topical book with vividly drawn characters.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-07
AMONG LUDLUM'S BEST	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I've been enjoying Robert Ludlum's thrillers for (gasp!) decades.  THE BOURNE IDENTITY is one of Mr. Ludlum's best.  The plot begins when a man, shot and left for dead, is rescued from the sea.  He has no memory, yet he attempts to discover his past.  He learns he is a trained killer and killers are now hunting for him.  They'd like to see him dead.  The plot spins on from there, and the plot is one of Mr. Ludlum's best.  There's some romance.  There's some danger.  There's some action.  There's some adventure.  THE BOURNE IDENTITY is a terrific novel.  I recommend it highly.	2001-09-06
The Origin of a Pillar of Popular Culture	As a novelist with my first book in its initial release, I am fascinated by Richard Hooker's version of MASH.  It is well known that Hooker had a most difficult time finding a publisher for the original book.  The manuscript went through numerous revisions, found a home in a publishing house, and became a key part of American folklore.  This book provides the original version of Hawkeye, Trapper John, Hot Lips, Radar, and most of the rest of the gang.  There is more of Maine in these characters here than there is of Hollywood or Manhattan.  Hooker's version is less political than the movie and far less socially correct than the latter years of the television series.  While I personally prefer those golden latter years of the TV series, I still find this novel extremely enjoyable.  Without this book, the great film and historic series would have never existed.  American popular culture would much poorer if that were so.	2001-09-06
A Jungle in the City	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release and a teacher with over twenty years of experience in an impoverished high school, I found Evan Hunter's THE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE fascinating.  Ed McBain, the celebrated mystery writer, was a teacher back when he wrote this book.  Evan Hunter is, as we all know, Ed McBain's actual name.  I suspect he based his Richard Dadier character on his own experiences.  Dadier is an idealistic young man with his first professional job as an English teacher in a working class high school.  Dadier does his best to reach his students, yet the challenges are great.  This book is a classic, and it still applies to teaching these days.  I truly wish Evan Hunter would return to THE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE.  America needs its best and its brightest in our classrooms.  As I can attest to from my experience, one can teach students and write mysteries without sacrificing either career.	2001-09-06
IT'S ABOUT TIME!	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I have been waiting quite awhile for Susan Isaacs to write another mystery featuring Long Islander Judith Singer.  It's been twenty years since Judith's last appearance in COMPROMISING POSITIONS, and LONG TIME NO SEE is well worth the wait.  Much has changed in Judith's life since she solved that dentist's murder.  She's raised two kids, become a widow when her husband died as a marathon man, and earned a Ph.D.  While she's teaching college, she remains essentially unfulfilled.  Then former investment banker and current Long Island housewife Courtney Logan is murdered.  Courtney, everyone's idea of a perfect soccer mom, turns out to have had some secrets.  Her husband, Greg, is connected to the mob through his father.  When Phil Lowenstein, the late Courtney's father-in-law, offers to hire Judith to investigate the death, Judith is more than ready, despite a warning from the police detective who is her former lover, to take on the case.  Judith launches her investigation, and Ms. Isaacs spins a fine tale.  It is an enjoyable read, and I can barely wait another twenty years for the next Susan Isaacs mystery featuring Judith Singer.	2001-09-06
One of the Best Historical Mysteries Ever Written	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I consider Umberto Eco's THE NAME OF THE ROSE to be one of the finest historical mysteries ever written.  William of Baskerville is sent to a monastery during the 14th century to investigate the death of a monk.  While he is investigating that death, several other deaths occur.  Before you know it, you are reading one of the best mysteries written in the last quarter-century.  Eco captures the time and the place of his story perfectly.  He knows his history.  He knows the church of his chosen era.  His characters are perfectly rendered.  He knows his people.  His plot is magnificent.  He knows how to tell a story.  THE NAME OF THE ROSE is a mystery like few others.  Excellent beyond belief.	2001-09-05
AN AMAZING LITERARY SUCCESS	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I have been amazed by the success of Bruce H. Wilkinson's THE PRAYER OF JABEZ.  As I appear at various book events to promote my mystery novel, I see more people buy THE PRAYER OF JABEZ than almost any other title.  Dr. Wilkinson has taken an obscure Biblical passage and interpreted it for our time.  He has obviously made a firm connection with the American reading public.  I celebrate his success and the success of his book.	2001-09-05
An Amazing Literary Success	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am still amazed by the success of Richard Bach's JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEAGULL.  In an era when books are growing increasingly complex and complicated, Bach's book continues to stand out because of its simplicity.  Bach spins a tale about a ordinary seagull who finds himself on an extraordinary spiritual journey.  This book is a fascinating read, and Russell Munson's photography provides the perfect illustrations for the story.  JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEAGULL remains one of my all-time favorite books.	2001-09-05
Horrors Beyond Horrors	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I found Nick Pron's LETHAL MARRIAGE fascinating.  If his book was fiction, it would be classified as gritty noir.  It is, unfortunately, nonfiction.  Mr. Pron, a dedicated true crime reporter, presents the facts about Karla Homolka and Paul Bernardo's horrible crime spee.  In LETHAL MARRIAGE, Mr. Pron pulls no punches.  He even provides pictures.  He tells the tale of these two unquestionably sick individuals as they victimize people unfortunate enough to become their victims.  He gives detailed descriptions of their crimes, crimes Karla and Paul often videotaped.  LETHAL MARRIAGE is an excellent true crime work.  I recommend it highly.  The story is, sadly, all true.	2001-09-05
Faye Kellerman's Best Yet	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I firmly believe Faye Kellerman's THE FORGOTTEN is her best mystery yet.  The novel deals with Peter Decker and Rina Lazarus investigating a complicated series of crimes.  There are no easy answers here.  Computer fraud may be involved. Adolescent angst may play a part.  The aftermath of the Holocaust could be another contributing factor.  Most importantly, her series characters continue developing as if they are actual people, and THE FORGOTTEN is a most fulfilling read.	2001-09-05
A V.I. NOVEL BUT LOTTY'S BOOK	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I have been enjoying Sara Paretsky's V.I. Warshawski novels for years.  I am glad she has resumed writing them, especially TOTAL RECALL.  In many ways, TOTAL RECALL is Lotty Herschel's book.  Lotty is V.I.'s friend and mentor.  Lotty is the closest thing to a mother V.I. has.  In several chapters, Lotty takes central stage and returns us to those horrible days of Holocaust.  In time present, a man named Paul Radbuka has surfaced making startling claims regarding his conection to Lotty and her companion, Max.  V.I. begins to investigate this man and his claims at the same time she is involved with an insurance investigation involving a black man named Aaron Sommers.  As the story progresses, the reader learns much about Lotty, her past, and the horrors of Nazism.  Ms. Paretsky also links Holocaust reparations to the issue of reparations for slavery.  TOTAL RECALL is an excellent novel addressing some most serious themes.  Excellent book.	2001-09-05
A Not Quite Forgotten Epic	I'm a novelist with my debut book in its initial release and the son of a man who fought World War II in the wrong theater of operations.  As Dad always put it, he served in the army with Doug MacArthur.  Growing up and hearing tales spun by my friends' fathers who fought their war in Europe, I always felt a bit uncomfortable because my Dad merely jumped from island to island in the South Pacific with the army air corps.  The story Hampton Sides tells in GHOST SOLDIERS is one of the stories I grew up with.  Dad and his war buddies from the Pacific Theater would recount this story as if they actually participated in this celebrated mission.  They didn't, but I'm glad I sat around and listened.  Sides brings back some memories with this book.  It reads well, and it captures the mood of the times perfectly.  It tells the story of America's daring rescue of POWs in the Philippines.  I enjoyed reading it.  I'm certain you will, too.	2001-09-04
Death of a Smuggler	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I enjoy nonfiction works that read like great novels.  Mark Bowden's KILLING PABLO is one such book.  KILLING PABLO tells the tale of Pablo Escober.  Pablo (Mr. Bowden's calls Escober by his first name throughout the book) began as a petty thief and reached the top of his chosen profession.  He owned fleets of ships and planes.  He had a loyal personal army.  He controlled the drug trade for more than a short while.  Bowden discusses Pablo's rise and then shows us his fall.  KILLING PABLO is a great read.  You will enjoy it.	2001-09-04
Judith Singer's First Case	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I found COMPROMISING POSITIONS fascinating.  Susan Isaacs pulls together a winning combination for any mystery.  Her writing is sharp.  Her characters are original.  Her plot takes many twists and turns.  As one would expect, there is a humorous edge to this story.  Judith Singer is a Long Island housewife who becomes obsessed with solving the murder of a local man about teeth--I mean town.  He was murdered after having bedded half the women Judith knows and propositioning the other half.  Her husband discourages her investigation, but she pursues it any way.  She also meets a police detective who complicates her life more than a bit.  COMPROMISING POSITIONS is a winning debut for Judith Singer.  I merely wonder what happens in her life in the next twenty years.  It will be a long time, no see.	2001-09-04
Questions of the Past	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by Alice Hoffman's BLUE DIARY.  Critics have noted my work addresses serious themes, yet Ms. Hoffman's work knocks mine out of the water.  In BLUE DIARY, Ms. Hoffman tells the tale of Ethan Ford.  Ethan is a seemingly perfect man who is a small-town hero.  Things change, though, when it is discovered that Ethan committed a rape/murder fifteen years earlier.  This novel is a fascinating read as Ms. Hoffman explores the diverse ramifications of this utterly unexpected discovery.  Everyone is impacted, including the reader.  BLUE DIARY asks the big questions, yet it avoids the easy answers.  Terrific book.	2001-09-04
Franzen's Breakout Book	As author with my first novel in its initial release, I love to read a novel like THE CORRECTIONS.  Jonathan Franzen has written an amazing book here.  THE CORRECTIONS will obviously be Mr. Franzen's breakout book.  With THE CORRECTIONS, Jonathan Franzen becomes a major novelist.  It deals with a marvelously dysfunctional family as the formerly strong patriarch struggles against Parkinson's Disease and dementia.  Franzen puts it all into this book.  His prose is perfect.  His tone couldn't be better.  He has vividly drawn characters and a well-plotted story.  I cannot imagine this book being better written.	2001-09-03
Excellent Morality Tale Involving a Manhattan Lineman	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I enjoy crime fiction that takes unusual twists and turns.  Michael Ledwidge's BAD CONNECTION is one such book.  Sean Macklin is a Manhattan telephone repairman with a disabled wife and a genuine need for money.  While working a telephone line, he overhears a business conversation, and Sean uses his accidentally acquired insider information to make a killing in the stock market.  Realizing that he's stumbled onto an easy way to gather the money he and his wife need for a move to the South, he continues eavesdropping on movers and shakers in the world of finance.  Seans plans grow complicated when he overhears a most sinister conversation.  He attempts to turn that information over to his brother, a cop.  Sean's brother has other plans for the info, and the plot begins to take unexpected twists and turns.  BAD CONNECTION becomes a morality tale on greed.  It is an excellent book, and I recommend it highly.	2001-09-03
A GAME DEBUT FOR A GAME WARDEN	As a mystery writer with my initial novel in its initial release, I was genuinely impressed with C.J. Box's OPEN SEASON.  In this debut mystery, C.J. Box introduces Joe Pickett, a game warden worthy of reader interest.  Joe is an honest man who is willing to risk everything for what he views as right.  He is a family man in a small Wyoming town.  His family could have a far more comfortable life if Joe would simply be more willing to compromise with the local established power structure.  Yet he is a man of principles, and he stands by his principles during the trying events presented in this novel.  The death of poacher launches the plot, and other deaths follow.  Joe's family even becomes threatened, yet he still refuses to compromise.  C.J. Box has an impressive debut here, and Joe Pickett easily earns the right to future engagements.	2001-09-03
Excellent Morality Tale Involving a Manhattan Lineman	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I enjoy crime fiction that takes unusual twists and turns.  Michael Ledwidge's BAD CONNECTION is one such book.  Sean Macklin is a Manhattan telephone repairman with a disabled wife and a genuine need for money.  While working a telephone line, he overhears a business conversation, and Sean uses his accidentally acquired insider information to make a killing in the stock market.  Realizing that he's stumbled onto an easy way to gather the money he and his wife need for a move to the South, he continues eavesdropping on movers and shakers in the world of finance.  Seans plans grow complicated when he overhears a most sinister conversation.  He attempts to turn that information over to his brother, a cop.  Sean's brother has other plans for the info, and the plot begins to take unexpected twists and turns.  BAD CONNECTION becomes a morality tale on greed.  It is an excellent book, and I recommend it highly.	2001-09-03
Quite Possibly the Finest First Novel Ever Written	As an author with my first novel in its initial release, I am amazed at my recent rereading of GONE WITH THE WIND.  I find it hard to believe (though I've known it forever) that GONE WITH THE WIND was Margaret Mitchell's first novel.  She pulled it all together here with strong characters, a remarkable plot, and fabulous writing centered around the crucial event in American history.  This novel, we all know the story, has become a foundation of American culture.  It deserves to be.  Read this novel, or read it again, if you haven't for awhile.	2001-09-03
Times They Are A-Changing	As an author with my first novel in its initial release, I am often fascinated with nonfiction works that read as if they are great novels.  David Halberstam's OCTOBER 1964 is one such book.  I loved this book despite the fact that my taste in baseball teams swings most often to the likes of the Red Sox, the Cubs, and the Angels.  While my personal teams figure out new ways every season not to bring home a World Series crown, the Yankees and the Cardinals of 1964 represent two of the great championship teams in baseball history.  Each, also, repesents much more than merely a team or a city.  In Mr. Halberstam's book, the Yankees represent the Establishment.  They are used to winning.  They are securely implanted in America's moneyed and white power structure.  It is expected that they will win because they have won so often in the past.  The Cardinals represent change.  The stars of the Cards are black--Gibson, Brock, and Flood.  They are the rebels.  Later in his life, Curt Flood became the man who challenged the baseball's reserve clause in court.  Flood lost his case and his career, but he revolutionized the game.  David Halberstam, one of journalism's best and brightest, brilliantly weaves the history of these two very different sports teams into the time period in which they faced off against each other in the battle for the championship of the world.  OCTOBER 1964 is a great book.  We know in 1964 that the establishment was still hanging on securely in power but that the rebels were gaining strength fast.  Yet we do know which team won the World Series.  You can look it up.	2001-09-02
Fine Work by a Fine Writer	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in current release, I found myself initially reading Martha Lawrence's Elizabeth Chase novels with suspicion.  I first thought her &quot;psychic&quot; PI was a bit too gimmicky for my taste.  I was wrong.  Once I began reading AQUARIOUS DESCENDING after attending an appearance by Ms. Lawrence at a mystery convention at which I was also appearing, I realized what a strong writer this woman is.  AQUARIOUS DESCENDING is a marvelously plotted book in which Elizabeth Chase takes on a cult.  It features strongly written prose and vividly drawn characters.  It reads well.  There are no gimmicks.  I recommend this book, as well as the rest of Ms. Lawrence's excellent ongoing series.	2001-09-02
Parallel Lies: Another Pearson Winner	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed Ridley Pearson's PARALLEL LIES.  This Pearson thriller, like my first novel, features a multicultural cast of characters.  Peter Tyler is a former cop who lost his badge following the nearly fatal beating of a black man.  Thanks to a friend at the National Transportation Safety Board, Tyler is given a second chance at his career.  He's retained to investigate some strange happenings at Northern Union Railroad.  Tyler finds himself tanlging with the railroad's investigator, an African-American woman who is well acquianted with Tyler's past.  Meanwhile, the train-wrecker, a man named Umberto Alvarez who holds a grudge, perhaps justified, against Northern Union is building up to staging his ultimate wreck.  Then another beating occurs, this one fatal and with the same stick Tyler used years before.  The suspense keeps building until the final thrilling page.  Pearson's story is a winner.  Read it soon.	2001-09-01
THE ULTIMATE BIOGRAPHY OF A FICTIONAL CHARACTER	One of my proudest days as a mystery writer came the July day that I participated on the same MWA/UCLA mystery literature program as Sue Grafton.  Ms. Grafton was the event's keynote speaker.  I was one of a couple of dozen other author-presenters.  Sue Grafton is the reigning queen of American mystery fiction, and G IS FOR GRAFTON proves that point conclusively.  In this book, Natalie Hevener Kaufman &amp; Carol McGinnis Kay have written a biography of Ms. Grafton's lead character, Kinsey Millhone.  Kaufman and Kay had Ms. Grafton's cooperation in preparing this work, and they have done a terrific job.  Everything you ever wanted to know about Kinsey but didn't know enough to ask, is covered here.  Kaufman and Kay have achieved a remarkable accomplishment.  This book is must read for any serious Grafton fan or informed reader of the mystery genre.  I especially enjoyed the &quot;photographic record&quot; of Kinsey's life, including snapshots of her home, her offices, her car, her jogging path, and several other scenes from Santa Teresa.  G IS FOR GRAFTON is a great book.	2001-08-31
Tolkien Remains Tolkien	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am often asked at speaking engagements about my youthful reading experiences.  While I am a mystery writer, I almost always cite J.R.R. Tolkien as an important early influence.  I remember being in the eighth grade, reading THE LORD OF THE RINGS along with a group of close friends.  These were fascinating books then, and they remain so today.  In high school, a familiarity with THE HOBBIT really impressed a certain young lady I had grown interested in.  These books are wonderfully written stories with strong ethical codes embedded within them.  I still find myself occasionally re-reading them, and my teenaged children have all found copies of this set given to them for special occasions.  You can't make a mistake in reading Tolkien.	2001-08-31
THE ULTIMATE LITERARY BIOGRAPHY	I am a mystery author who is attemping to continue in the literary tradition of Hammett/Chandler/Macdonald.  While taking a break between my first book (now in current release and recently sold to a Japanese publisher for translation/publication) and my second book (now in preproduction), I read Tom Nolan's ROSS MACDONALD.  Ross Macdonald is perhaps the mystery writer who has had the strongest influence upon my writing, and I spent approximately a month closely reading this overwhelming book.  Mr. Nolan spent the better part of two decades researching this bigraphy, and his dedicated efforts clearly show in this work.  Nolan traces Macdonald's early life, his education, his military career, his sometimes stormy relationship with his wife Margaret Millar, his years of work at mastering his craft, his family troubles, his eventual fame, his societal and political interests, his dedication to certain causes, and the tragically early end to his life.  In short, this book tells you everything you ever wanted to know about Macdonald but didn't know enough to ask.  While reading this book, I made mental notes of a some minor details I desired further elaboration on.  Fortunately, several months later, I found myself seated next to Tom Nolan at the LA TIMES Festival of Books.  It was a pleasure to meet such a kind and generous man.  Mr. Nolan is as fine a gentleman as he is a writer, and he had answers to all the questions I still had about the great author we both admire.  ROSS MACDONALD is an extraordinarily well-researched work written by a man with a thorough mastery of his material.  I have never read a better literary biography.	2001-08-31
Nearly Fifty Years of Policing in Isola	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am amazed that Ed McBain (AKA Evan Hunter)has been writing 87th Precinct police procedurals for nearly fifty years.  I doubt if I'll be writing my series in a half a century, but I'm glad McBain is still writing his.  Astonishingly, each 87th Precinct novel seems fresh and inventive.  MONEY, MONEY, MONEY is no exception.  Steve Carella and the boys (as well as the girls) remain as vibrant as they did when this series first began back when Eisenhower was president.  In this fifty-first 87th Precint novel, a woman is found dead in the Grover Park Zoo.  She turns out to be an ex-military flygirl who has found herself a fulfilling civilian career as a drug pilot.  Steve and his associates (mainly Fat Ollie Weeks) follow the money, and McBain's plot spins upward from there.  There's a secondary plot involving a terrorist plot, and, of course, the personal problems and concerns of the series characters also play a major part in the story.  MONEY, MONEY, MONEY is a fine fifty-first entry in this series.  It is one of the best fifty-first novels in any mystery series ever written.  Get this book and read it.	2001-08-31
Don't Let This Book Get Stuck in any Wringer	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I know a great story when I read one. Katharine Graham's memoir, PERSONAL HISTORY, is a great story. Mrs. Graham was one of the most influential women in contemporary America. She wasn't a rock star, an actress, a high fashion model, or even a wife of a powerful man. She achieved her position entirely on her own, and in PERSONAL HISTORY, she presents her life's story. Mrs. Graham was born to a family of wealth, made it to adulthood reasonably unscathed, married well (sort of), raised her chidlren, and then achieved true greatness as a widow. Upon the death of her husband, she took over THE WASHINGTON POST and transformed it into a major national newspaper. She became politically powerful and socially influential. She even had one presidential associate threaten to stick a portion of her anatomy into a wringer. PERSONAL HISTORY is a fascinating read by a fascinating woman. Katharine Graham is definitely a far better role model for today's girls than J-Lo, Madonna, Britney Spears, or even the Olsen Twins. Read this book, and then give it to your daughters.	2001-08-30
An Edgy Novel Starring a PR Man	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by MIAMI TWILIGHT. MIAMI TWILIGHT is Tom Coffey's second suspense novel. It tells the tale of Garrett Doherty, a public relations man. Garrett is a good man who tries to be a good man. He is married to a fine woman, and he is dedicated to his work. He is a company man, as some good PR men are, and at a business party, a seemingly casual conversation leads to a series of tragic events in a number of different lives. Coffey populates this work with realistically drawn characters, and his plot is swiftly paced taking several unexpected turns. His writing is flawless. MIAMI TWILIGHT is an excellent book.	2001-08-30
Read This One on Dry Land	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I know a great story when I read one. G. Bruce Knecht's THE PROVING GROUND tells one of the most exciting sea stories of recent years. Knecht's book, nonfiction, provides an up close and personal report of the disastrous Sidney to Hobart Yacht Race in 1998. Knecht examines the obsession of many of the competitors and tells of one the most tragic competitions in modern sporting history. Over one hundred yachts sailed from Sidney, yet less than half that number reached Hobart. Six sailors lost their lives, and dozens of others needed rescued from the sea. Adverse weather caused the disaster, and Knecht tells this whale of a tale of eighty-foot waves wiping out numerous competitive crafts. Knecht also presents the pressures of competition, the drive of several crews, and the reactions of many individuals to various forms of stress. This book is an excellent one. Just don't read it while riding out a storm at sea.	2001-08-30
Topical and Timely	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I love a solid thriller. ALL THE DEAD WERE STRANGERS is a solid thriller. Ethan Black's third novel (following THE BROKEN HEARTS CLUB and IRRESISTIBLE)deals with terrorism, the government's attempts to battle it, and a top-notch mystery story. Black's Conrad Voort, an NYPD detective, is passed a list of people around the country with connections to terrorism. Some are dead, perhaps murdered. Others include Dr. Jill Towne, with whom Voort becomes taken, and Frank Greene, who is hoping to blow up a nice chunk of New York City. A shadowy Saudi businessman/terrorist, Abu Bin Hussein, also plays a part in this story, as do numerous government operatives. Black has a well-plotted--topical and timely--story. His characters are well-drawn, and his writing is excellent. ALL THE DEAD WERE STRANGERS is an excellent suspense novel.	2001-08-30
Don't Let This Book Get Stuck in any Wringer	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I know a great story when I read one. Katharine Graham's memoir, PERSONAL HISTORY, is a great story. Mrs. Graham was one of the most influential women in contemporary America. She wasn't a rock star, an actress, a high fashion model, or even a wife of a powerful man. She achieved her position entirely on her own, and in PERSONAL HISTORY, she presents her life's story. Mrs. Graham was born to a family of wealth, made it to adulthood reasonably unscathed, married well (sort of), raised her chidlren, and then achieved true greatness as a widow. Upon the death of her husband, she took over THE WASHINGTON POST and transformed it into a major national newspaper. She became politically powerful and socially influential. She even had one presidential associate threaten to stick a portion of her anatomy into a wringer. PERSONAL HISTORY is a fascinating read by a fascinating woman. Katharine Graham is definitely a far better role model for today's girls than J-Lo, Madonna, Britney Spears, or even the Olsen Twins. Read this book, and then give it to your daughters.	2001-08-30
Don't Let This Book Get Stuck in any Wringer	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I know a great story when I read one. Katharine Graham's memoir, PERSONAL HISTORY, is a great story. Mrs. Graham was one of the most influential women in contemporary America. She wasn't a rock star, an actress, a high fashion model, or even a wife of a powerful man. She achieved her position entirely on her own, and in PERSONAL HISTORY, she presents her life's story. Mrs. Graham was born to a family of wealth, made it to adulthood reasonably unscathed, married well (sort of), raised her chidlren, and then achieved true greatness as a widow. Upon the death of her husband, she took over THE WASHINGTON POST and transformed it into a major national newspaper. She became politically powerful and socially influential. She even had one presidential associate threaten to stick a portion of her anatomy into a wringer. PERSONAL HISTORY is a fascinating read by a fascinating woman. Katharine Graham is definitely a far better role model for today's girls than J-Lo, Madonna, Britney Spears, or even the Olsen Twins. Read this book, and then give it to your daughters.	2001-08-30
A Number One Book About American History's Number Two	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I realize the importance of selecting subject matter that moves far beyond the limitations of a single volume. David McCullough achieves this goal brilliantly in JOHN ADAMS. McCullough's book is thoroughly researched, insightful, and finely written. It is also perfect for today. After all, John Adams was the first president from New England who became the father of a future president. JOHN ADAMS presents a John Adams who was not eager for a political life yet accepted the obligations that came with his time. His accomplishments are well known. He defended in court the unfortunate British troops who suppressed a Boston street riot that has gone down in history as the Boston Massacre. He became a leader in the revolutionary movement for freedom from Britain, though to some degree a number two player to a number of other more prominent individuals. He was one of the committee that drafted the Declaration of Independence, though he was clearly a number two to Jefferson. He became a diplomat and the first vice president--another number two. He served as the second president of the United States. In 1800, upon his electoral defeat, he created the key American political precedent of a peaceful transfer of power. John Admas may have been destined in life to play a number two part in many key events in U.S. history, but McCullough's JOHN ADAMS was a number-one quality individual. I recommend this book highly.	2001-08-25
Wonderful Debut	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely admired Glen David Gold's CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL. This mystery is a thoroughly enjoyable novel. It involves the world of illusion in an age when illusion was taken quite seriously indeed. Carter performs a magic trick involving President Warren Harding merely hours before that president dies. To certain government agents, Carter becomes a suspect in Harding's odd death. Again, this novel is a fun read. The characters are well-drawn. The world of magic and magicians is convincingly rendered. The plot is swiftly-paced, and it takes some unusual twists. Gold's writing is wonderful. I recommend this book highly.	2001-08-25
A GREAT BOOK ABOUT PETER	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I realize the importance of selecting subject matter that moves beyond the specific story in any single book. Robert Massie has achieved this basic literary goal masterfully in PETER THE GREAT. In this well-researched and informative volume, Massie tells the tale of Peter the Great, his country, European culture, and his historical era. Massie presents Peter in human terms with characteristics that are often contradictory. On a much more important level, this book presents Massie's view of one of the key eras in Russian history. Peter's era provides many crucial elements of the cultural underpinnings of one of the mightiest nations in the modern world--cultural underpinnings that must be understood by every thoughtful and informed individual.	2001-08-25
More than Chicken Soup for the Human Soul	One of my proudest moments regarding the release of my initial mystery novel occurred when I stepped into my neighborhood bookstore and found my book displayed on an endcap right inside the front door next to William Bennett's BOOK OF VIRTUES. I love Dr. Bennett's book, and I admire him for having the courage to pull this collection of stories from great literature, religious sources, and folklore together. The literary selections he has included in THE BOOK OF VIRTUES aim to provides examples of traditional values--values such as friendship, courage, and compassion. There is nothing wrong with those values in this cynical age, and I am most grateful William Bennett used his bully pulpit to draw attention to such important matters of human civilization.	2001-08-25
ALL THEY DID WAS SAVE THE WORLD	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I found Stephen Ambrose's THE WILD BLUE fascinating.  My father was a member of the Army Air Corps, but Ambrose's book is not my late father's story.  Dad fought his war in the South Pacific.  THE WILD BLUE deals with the air war in Europe.  Reading Ambrose's take on George McGovern and his heroic air crew, I now understand my father's dedication to that man's presidential campaign.  The book also deals with other aircrews as well as the airplane itself.  It is a marvelously researched work about many marvelous war heroes.  They all deserved this terrific book.  All they did was save the world.	2001-08-23
A COMPLEX TALE OF FAITH	As an author with my first novel in its initial release, I whole-heartedly salute Leif Enger's debut work--PEACE LIKE A RIVER.  Mr. Enger's novel is a tale of genuine family values and the overwhelming power of faith.  Reuben is an asthmatic boy who would not be alive if his father had not, in the name of God, commanded him to breathe as a newborn.  Jeremiah Land is the simple though faithful man who performed that miracle and who his son Reuben believes is capable of anything.  When Reuben's brother Davy kills two attackers who were threatening the Land family, he is charged with murder.  Some people see him as a hero.  Others view him as a cold-blooded murderer.  On the day of his trial, Davy escapes.  With the FBI in pursuit, Jeremiah loads his family in  their Airstream to find his son first.  What follows is an amazingly plotted novel, packed full of references to literary works and American legends, and an inspirational tale of the power faith can have in people's lives.  Fabulous read!	2001-08-23
DIRK PITT'S SWEET SIXTEEN	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I eagerly look forward to each new Dirk Pitt novel.  Clive Cussler's sixteenth Pitt adventure, VALHALLA RISING, involves the sinking of the world's most celebrated new cruise ship.   Dirk rescues the most of the passengers, but the inventor of the ship's revolutionary engines drowns.  Our hero saves Dr. Egan's beautiful daughter Kelly, and soon Dirk and Al Giordino are attempting to foil a plot to corner the world's oil supply.  By the way, Dirk also finds time to save Kelly from a second brush with death, discover the remains of an early submarine, and prove the Vikings landed on the Hudson.  VALHALLA RISING is a fun read, though I used to buy my son the latest Cussler to read on cruise ships.  I doubt if I will with this one.  I'll let him read VALHALLA RISING on dry land.	2001-08-23
A Fascinating McCone Short Story Collection	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I hold Marcia Muller in the highest esteem.  Her creation, Sharon McCone, revolutionized modern mystery fiction.  McCone broke the old stereotypes.  She became the first human private eye.  She is also the oldest sister of all those women private eyes practicing today.  MCCONE AND FRIENDS is a short story collection with an unusual twist.  Ms. Muller provides unique perspectives on McCone by allowing her supporting charaters to tell some of the stories in this collection.  Rae Kelleher, Mick Savage, Ted Smalley, and Hy Ripinsky all give their views of McCone.  McCone, herself, tells three stories.  MCCONE AND FRIENDS is a great book that any reader of mystery fiction should have in her collection.	2001-08-23
Gritty Debut	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was pleasantly impressed by Michael I. Leahey's BROKEN MACHINES.  Mr. Leahey's first mystery deals with serious themes such as drug addiction, urban prostitution, and immigrant sweatshops.  The novel also introduces a fresh team of sleuths--J.J. Donovan and Dr. Boris Koulomzin.  Think of an Archie Goodwin/Nero Wolfe pairing for the contemporary world.  The plot involves a social worker who brings the plight of Clifford Brice to Donovan's attention.  Clifford is a boy whose mother was murdered while hooking in Brooklyn.  Another murder follows, as does an attempt on the boy's life.  Leahey's world is a gritty one, but he has a pair of humane and winning sleuths.  Fine debut. I recommend it.	2001-08-22
AVA'S MAN HITS HOME	As a native Californian whose debut novel is in its initial release, I found myself fascinated by Rick Bragg's AVA'S MAN.  Bragg's book is a biography of his maternal grandmother--a man he never knew yet grew to love through his research.  My fascination with Bragg's book began on largely personal terms.  Bragg's story of his grandfather could have easily been a story about my grandfather.  Charlie Bundrum was born early in the last century and lived a hardscrabble life in the South.  My maternal grandfather was born at about the same time and lived his entire life in Alabama.  Charlie fought the good fight, and he struggled valiantly against poverty.  He never got too far from it, but he did the best he could.  Married at 17, he supported his family and planted the roots from which future generations grew.  Charlie died young--at age fifty.  My grandfather died in his thirties.  Both men were survived by remarkable Southern women.  Charlie's daughter gave birth to Rick Bragg.  My grandfather's depression-era orphaned daughter gave birth to me.  Once I read AVA'S MAN, I acquired a knowledge of what my mother's life in her youth was possibly like, and I began to understand her lifelong reluctance to discuss it in detail with any of her California children.	2001-08-22
Moore, Moore, Moore!	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release and an American government/economics teacher in one of the most impoverished high schools in the United States, I love DOWNSIZE THIS!  Michael Moore is a brilliant satirist.  This book owns a place on my classroom desk, and I often cite passages from DOWNSIZE THIS! to support my ramblings about the current state of the American political ecomony.  I especially enjoy using his chapter on corporate criminals where I get a chance to point directly at students (who are wise enough by then to know they are supposed to agree with their instrcutor's positions which are routinely in sympathy with Mr. Moore's) who are using products produced by these &quot;criminals.&quot;  Mr. Moore's ravings about NAFTA may be growing old in some parts of this nation, but not at my school--rural and Latino--that is less than a mile from one of the &quot;NAFTA HIGHWAYS.&quot;  I treasure the memory of the day when a state senator came to speak to my class and found himself peppered with questions drawn from material in this book.  I recommend DOWNSIZE THIS! highly, as I do Michael Moore's films ROGER AND ME, CANADIAN BACON, and THE BIG ONE as well as the video sets of episodes originally produced for his two television shows.  I only wish he'd collect more of TV NATION onto video.  I would love to use his Canada episode, his segment on Avon sales in Latin America, and the Coke/Pepsi rivalry in a Mexican village piece in my classroom.  Great works all!	2001-08-22
Gritty Debut	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was pleasantly impressed by Michael I. Leahey's BROKEN MACHINES.  Mr. Leahey's first mystery deals with serious themes such as drug addiction, urban prostitution, and immigrant sweatshops.  The novel also introduces a fresh team of sleuths--J.J. Donovan and Dr. Boris Koulomzin.  Think of an Archie Goodwin/Nero Wolfe pairing for the contemporary world.  The plot involves a social worker who brings the plight of Clifford Brice to Donovan's attention.  Clifford is a boy whose mother was murdered while hooking in Brooklyn.  Another murder follows, as does an attempt on the boy's life.  Leahey's world is a gritty one, but he has a pair of humane and winning sleuths.  Fine debut. I recommend it.	2001-08-22
WHEN BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO----	As an author with my debut novel in initial release, I genuinely admire the works of Joyce Carol Oates in general and her novel WE WERE THE MULVANEYS in particular.  In this novel, Ms. Oates takes an seemingly ideal American family and forces them to confront disaster.  When WE WERE THE MULVANEYS opens, all is well in this Garden of Eden.  After decades of marriage, the elder Mulvaneys are still deeply in love.  They have three children--an admired valedictorian, a star athlete, and a popular cheerleader.  Then a date rape occurs, and disaster begins to spiral out of control.  Ms. Oates paces her plot well.  Her characters are perfectly rendered.  Her fiction seems real.  A great book, exactly what we have grown to expect from Joyce Carol Oates.	2001-08-22
Enduring and then Prevailing	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely admire Gwyn Hyman Rubio's novel ICY SPARKS.  Her title character suffers from Tourette's Syndrome.  As a ten-year-old child when she first experiences the syndrome's symptoms, she has no idea what is happening to her.  She seeks refuge in her grandparents'cellar and attempts to endure her confusing hardships.  In school, she is nicknamed &quot;frog child,&quot; and when she is briefly institutionalized she finally realizes other people are even more different from the norm than she is.  Set in impoverished Appalachia, ICY SPARKS tells the story of how Icy comes of age and learns to deal with her condition.  It is an inspirational story, especially in the epilogue when the one-time sufferer triumphs over her burden becomes a therapist.  Excellent book.	2001-08-22
A HOUSE FULL OF MYSTERY	Being a Southern California-based mystery writer with my debut novel in initial release, I'm somewhat embarrassed that I have not yet written a review of one of Earlene Fowler's works.  I've been reading her books for years.  We live in the same general vicinity, and we've met occasionally on the mystery convention circuit.  Ms. Fowler's books are uniformly well-written, and MARINER'S COMPASS has an unusual twist.  While the quilting angle is still here, Benni Harper, Ms. Fowler's former cowgirl sleuth, finds herself confronted with an unusual mystery.  She inherits a house and all the earthly possessions of a man she has never met, provided she meets the odd condition he has set forth.  She must live in the house for two weeks.  Upon her taking up residency in the house, she finds herself forced to unravel a mystery.  She discovers that while she never knew Jacob Chandler, Chandler knew her frighteningly well.  While Ms. Fowler's main story is fresh and innovative, MARINER'S COMPASS continues developing her excellent series.  Benni's marriage to police chief Gabe continues to evolve, and a number of Benni's eccentric supporting characters launch an activist campaign to preserve California's Central Coast the way they love it.  MARINER'S COMPASS is a terrific book, and Ms. Fowler should be proud.	2001-08-21
Tyler's Report on True Life	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by Anne Tyler's remarkable story about Rebecca Davitch.  Rebecca is a woman in her fifties who wonders how she became who she's become, a person she believes is not her real self.  By all standards, Rebecca is successful.  She is a respected matriarch of a large family and a successful businesswoman.  She is also a widow wondering if she should now pursue a sweetheart from her youth who is living nearby and availably divorced.  Most importantly, she is contemplating how a woman who began adulthood wanting to research history has turned into this perfect stranger that she now sees herself as.  One supporting character, after a century of life, explains roughly that your true life is the one you end up with.  BACK WHEN WE WERE GROWNUPS is a fascinating book, one of Anne Tyler's best.	2001-08-21
Tyler's Report on True Life	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by Anne Tyler's remarkable story about Rebecca Davitch.  Rebecca is a woman in her fifties who wonders how she became who she's become, a person she believes is not her real self.  By all standards, Rebecca is successful.  She is a respected matriarch of a large family and a successful businesswoman.  She is also a widow wondering if she should now pursue a sweetheart from her youth who is living nearby and availably divorced.  Most importantly, she is contemplating how a woman who began adulthood wanting to research history has turned into this perfect stranger that she now sees herself as.  One supporting character, after a century of life, explains roughly that your true life is the one you end up with.  BACK WHEN WE WERE GROWNUPS is a fascinating book, one of Anne Tyler's best.	2001-08-21
Tyler's Report on True Life	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by Anne Tyler's remarkable story about Rebecca Davitch.  Rebecca is a woman in her fifties who wonders how she became who she's become, a person she believes is not her real self.  By all standards, Rebecca is successful.  She is a respected matriarch of a large family and a successful businesswoman.  She is also a widow wondering if she should now pursue a sweetheart from her youth who is living nearby and availably divorced.  Most importantly, she is contemplating how a woman who began adulthood wanting to research history has turned into this perfect stranger that she now sees herself as.  One supporting character, after a century of life, explains roughly that your true life is the one you end up with.  BACK WHEN WE WERE GROWNUPS is a fascinating book, one of Anne Tyler's best.	2001-08-21
Question Authority	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am quite impressed by Carsten Stroud's BLACK WATER TRANSIT.  The story centers on a successful businessman Jack Vermillion who has a son prison.  He wants to help his son as much as he can, and he attempts to cut a deal with some law enforcement figures he shouldn't have trusted.  He helps to set up a Federal bust of a client named Earl Pike for gunrunning, yet the attempted arrest results in Federal agents getting killed by a sniper.  Vermillon, not Pike, finds himself charged in the shooting because a prosecutor wants to make his rep bringing down Vermillion and confiscating everything he owns under asset forfeiture laws.  As Vermillion struggles with that situation, Casey Spandau, a police detective is attempting to uncover evidence in a frustratingly difficult to solve homicide case.  Earl Pike is her prime suspect.  Plot lines converge, and the good guys learn the importance of questioning authority. Stroud has written a fabulous thriller here with BLACK WATER TRANSIT.	2001-08-20
MULLER'S AMAZING FLEXIBILITY	As a mystery author who juggles two protagonists (one for novels and one for short stories)with varying degrees of success, I am amazed at Marcia Muller's masterful flexibility.  Sharon McCone is certainly her most famous lead.  There are also some books with Elena Olivarez or Joanna Stark in the lead.  Each series has its own tone and subject matter, perfectly appropriate for each series.  In POINT DECEPTION, Marcia Muller has either written a magnificent stand-alone thriller or a solid debut of a new mystery series.  POINT DECEPTION is basically a police procedural starring Deputy Sheriff Rhoda Swift.  She is haunted by a mass murder dating from the start of her career and as the anniversary of that murder rolls around a New York writer named Guy Newberry shows up to write about the unsolved homicides.  More deaths occur in time present, and Rho wants to solve all of the crimes.  Rho Swift is a complex character.  She carries this book, and she could carry a series.  The plot is complicated yet believable, and Ms. Muller's writing is up to its usual highest standards.  We have a terrific book here.	2001-08-20
Kinky's Pot of Gold	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I always thoroughly enjoy every fresh novel Kinky Friedman writes.  STEPPIN' ON A RAINBOW is no exception.  I'm not Nixoning you.  Kinky's new adventure involves the disappearance of Village Irregular Mike McGovern.  McGovern was in Hawaii to work on a book, and he disappears as he is strolling down a beach.  While at first Kinky finds better things to do than worry about his missing McGovern, it is not long before everyone's favorite Texan-New Yorker/country-and-western performer/mystery author/sleuth assembles the rest of his Irregulars for a Hawaiian romp.  This Kinky outing has everything the experienced reader expects in a fresh Kinky.  It is well written with sharp humor lying over a basic humanity.  It is another fine work from the creator of this terrific mystery series.	2001-08-20
A Second Fabulous Work By a Singularly Fabulous Writer	Being a Southern Californian who has a mystery novel in current release, I certainly want clearly state my admiration for Paula Woods' new novel STORMY WEATHER.  On the same Sunday that Ms. Woods organized a Mystery Writers of America function honoring Anthony Boucher, STORMY WEATHER received TWO SEPARATE HIGHLY POSITIVE reviews in the LA TIMES.  This follow-up to the critically acclaimed INNER CITY BLUES concerns the death of a pioneering African-American filmmaker.  The novel deals with serious racial issues within the Los Angeles film community and within the LAPD.  It additionally deals with the hardships any woman detective must endure to pursue a career with the LAPD.  In STORMY WEATHER, Ms. Woods continues to develop her Charlotte Justice character.  Detective Justice continues dealing with past issues such as the deaths of her husband and child.  Charlotte is also struggling to continue building a relationship with her doctor boyfriend.  In STORMY WEATHER, Paula Woods attempts to tell a complex story on several distinct levels.  From this author's perspective, Ms. Woods is entirely successful.	2001-08-20
THE DEATH OF A STRAUSSIAN	As a novelist with my debut work in its initial release, I am amazed at the success, commercial and critical, of Saul Bellow's RAVELSTEIN.  I graduated from Claremont McKenna College at a time when the Straussians were battling for their intellectual position that great thinkers must be understood as they understood themselves.  They argued for absolute standards and the importance of great truths in the traditions of Western Civilization.  Allan Bloom, Saul Bellow's good friend and fellow scholar at the University of Chicago, served as the basis for the novel's central character, Abe Ravelstein.  Bloom was one of the leaders of the Straussian Movement, and Claremont McKenna College was where the Straussians held their California foothold.  We were all required to read Bloom's books and hear him speak every time he was in town.  I am fascinated how this purely intellectual figure has been transformed by his pal Saul Bellow into the complex fictional character who is the title character of this novel.  This book is fascinating to me for largely personal reasons dealing with my undergraduate education.  It is also a fine novel, one of the best Bellow has written in recent years.  I am amazed at the huge popularity of this book among the general public.  I doubt if any contemporary author other than America's greatest living literary giant, Saul Bellow, could have accomplished such an achievement.	2001-08-19
Bird's Eye View of Murder	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed J.F. Freedman's tale of Fritz Tullis.  Fritz is a man who was born on third base and who is in danger of getting picked off before he scores.  His roots are as establishment as they can get.  His mother is a Maryland patrician, and he was, until he had an affair with the wrong woman, a respected history professor at the University of Texas.  After losing his job, he returns to his family's Maryland estate, drinks too much, chases convenient skirts, and takes up birdwatching.  He becomes fascinated with a whooping crane.  One hungover morning, as he is searching for his favorite member of that endangered feathered species, he witnesses a murder on a neighboring airstrip.  It turns out the airstrip is owned by an undersecretary of state with a checkered past.  The victim turns out to be a Russian diplomat.  Fritz decides something has to be done, and he finds his efforts assisted by a beautiful Harvard academic with a famous film star's name yet her own deep secrets.  BIRD'S-EYE VIEW is an enjoyable read on many levels.  I recommend it highly.	2001-08-18
TO SIR, WITH ADMIRATION	First things first.  I am not related to E.R. Braithwaite.  I teach high-risk students in one of the most impoverished schools in the United States, not in the United Kingdom.  I am an author--my debut mystery is in its initial release.  With those disclaimers in place, I want to clearly state my unequivocal admiration for TO SIR, WITH LOVE.  It is a must-read book for any teacher worth her classroom.  It tells the tale of Mr. Braithwaite and his struggles to teach poor teenagers on the verge of adulthood in one of the poorest neighborhoods of London.  His story rings true.  Being a non-Latino teaching Latino students, I understand the racial tensions in the story.  The difficulties in getting students to focus on goals more distant in the future than the upcoming weekend are also painfully true.  The need for creative and heartfelt approaches to these educational challenges is additionally made clear.  And, of course, the inspirational tone of the book is exactly what is needed in this day and age.  TO SIR, WITH LOVE should be more widely read than it already is, and I hope every teacher has similar inspirational tales to tell, as does E.R.Braithwaite and this reviewer.	2001-08-18
It's More Than Just Typing	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a sincere admirer of ON THE ROAD, as well as Jack Kerouac's works in general.  While it was once said that Mr. Kerouac's work was not writing--it was typing--that statement does not give ON THE ROAD and Mr. Kerouac fair shakes.  This book and his works defined the Beat Movement.  They captured a sense of an entire generation.  They have had a major impact on American letters and intellectual thought.  ON THE ROAD should be read by every person who wants to consider herself a well-read individual.	2001-08-18
ADAMS AT HIS BEST	As a California-based mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I have a great interest in other California-based artists in many diverse fields.  Ansel Adams is one of the finest photographers to ever receive wide recognition.  ANSEL ADAMS AT 100 is a catalog for the current museum show.  It provides an excellent overview of the man's work.  Some of the photographs featured here are absolute jewels.  Now that I have viewed the catalog, I have every intention of attending the show the first time the path of my book promotional touring activities cross with that the Ansel Adams' touring photography show.	2001-08-18
A Fine Work by Wendy Corsi Staub	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely enjoyed Wendy Corsi Staub's FADE TO BLACK.  The novel tells the tale of Mallory Eden, a Holloywood flavor-of-the-month starlet, who apparently committed suicide.  She was actually fleeing a stalker, and she moves to a small town and lives under an assumed name.  Then, she receives a letter from someone who claims to know who she actually is.  Her fears of the stalker return.  There are a number of suspicious characters in Eden's new life, and the plot (with backstory) works well.  I recommend this book highly.	2001-08-18
A PERFECT GAME	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in initial release, an author of numerous short stories published over the years, and an educator who regularly teaches the writing of short mystery fiction within the California State University system, I believe Otto Penzler did an excellent job assembling original mystery stories for MURDERERS' ROW.  This anthology features big name authors such as Lawrence Block, Robert B. Parker, Michael Connelly, and Thomas Perry.  The collection covers the subject of baseball from a variety perspectives ranging from Little League to the Majors and from benchwarming little boys and baseball parents to historic superstars and sports agents.  Highlights include &quot;Harlem Nocturne&quot; by Robert Parker, a story featuring some fellows named Rickey and Robinson and &quot;Pick-Off Play&quot; by Troy Soos starring his series character baseball journeyman/everyman Mickey Rawlings.  I recommend MURDERERS' ROW for any mystery reader interested in baseball (as all good people are).	2001-08-18
THE ASSISTANT ENDURES	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I hope my work endures as well as the work of Bernard Malamud.  THE ASSISTANT is a simple novel that captures perfectly its time and place.  It is also a morality tale.  It features a street thrug named Frank Alpine who thinks he might want to turn his life around.  He takes a job at a Mom and Pop grocery store to privately atone for a crime against that store (as well as other crimes elsewhere).  He agrees to work for room-and-board.  There is ethnic tension between the Jewish grocery store owners and the Italian criminal.  These tensions grow more severe when a romance develops between Frank and the grocer's daughter.  This novel comes as close to being perfect as any I've read in recent years.	2001-08-16
An Awe-Inspiring Debut	As an author who writes books that I feel address serious themes, I was simply bowled over by Zadie Smith's awe-inspiring debut.  In WHITE TEETH, she addresses issues of sex, race, politics, assimilation/diversity concerns, socio-economic hardships, and gender politics all within a novel of epic scale.  Its geographic range is great.  Its characters may not be entirely admirable, but they do seem real.  And her London is perfect.  WHITE TEETH is a great book, fully deserving of the notice it is receiving.  If you want to discover one serious gem of a novel this year, read this one.	2001-08-16
ORDER IT--IT WILL COME	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I sincerely admire SHOELESS JOE by W.P. Kinsella.  This novel was made into the famous film FIELD OF DREAMS, perhaps the greatest film about baseball (or was it about America?)ever made.  I prefer SHOELESS JOE to FIELD OF DREAMS.  I saw the film first, and when I read the book, I was impressed by the increased depth to SHOELESS JOE.  The novel blends fantasy and reality in a story that is simple yet complex.  It tells the tale of Ray Kinsella who plows down his crops because he hears a voice that tells him to.  Shoeless Joe Jackson, his Black Sox teammates, Ray's father, and other athletes mystically arrive on this makeshift playing field.  The reclusive (and we assume dreamer) J.D. Salinger also becomes involved in the plot.  In SHOELESS JOE, W.P. Kinsella takes an inventive story line and uses it in support of the strongest of all possible themes.  This novel is great.  Order it--it will come.	2001-08-16
A BOOK THAT NAMED A GENERATION	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I hope to have the impact with some literary work in my career that Douglas Coupland had with GENERATION X.  All he did was define a generation and transform the language.  In itself, the book is a thoroughly entertaining read.  The stories told within it captures the essence of certain people of the generation that has come to be known as Generation X.  People now work at McJobs, and we now have a Generation Y as well as a Generation Z.  Last night, one of my daughter's friends referred to an elderly person as Generation A.  That friend is a Z at age ten, but her comment illustrates the impact Coupland's GENERATION X has had.  Read it, if you haven't.	2001-08-16
It May Not Have The Sex Appeal of the Internet	As a professional author with my debut novel in its initial release, I know I don't need THE WOLRD ALMANAC in this Internet Age.  I can find anything I want to know by surfing across the World Wide Web.  Despite that knowledge, I buy a new almanac annually.  It rests on my desk next to my dictionary, and I use it more often.  A day doesn't go by while I'm working that I don't use the almanac to check a fact or confirm some information.  Its facts are accurate, unlike some Internet &quot;facts&quot; and information can be easily found without resorting to a search engine.  I've had a new almanac every year since I was in the fourth grade, and I am certain I will get a new one every year until I die.	2001-08-16
ORDER IT--IT WILL COME	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I sincerely admire SHOELESS JOE by W.P. Kinsella.  This novel was made into the famous film FIELD OF DREAMS, perhaps the greatest film about baseball (or was it about America?)ever made.  I prefer SHOELESS JOE to FIELD OF DREAMS.  I saw the film first, and when I read the book, I was impressed by the increased depth to SHOELESS JOE.  The novel blends fantasy and reality in a story that is simple yet complex.  It tells the tale of Ray Kinsella who plows down his crops because he hears a voice that tells him to.  Shoeless Joe Jackson, his Black Sox teammates, Ray's father, and other athletes mystically arrive on this makeshift playing field.  The reclusive (and we assume dreamer) J.D. Salinger also becomes involved in the plot.  In SHOELESS JOE, W.P. Kinsella takes an inventive story line and uses it in support of the strongest of all possible themes.  This novel is great.  Order it--it will come.	2001-08-16
Worthy of O'Henry	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I work hard to provide unexpected plot twists at the end of my mysteries.  Steve Martini certainly provides a brilliant final twist to his plot in THE JURY.  THE JURY is Mr. Martini's latest legal thriller featuring Paul Mandriani.  The San Francisco attorney has relocated to the other spectacular California waterfront metropolis--San Diego (America's Finest City, by its own admission).  Mandriani is tasked with defending Dr. David Crone, a medical researcher involved in cutting edge human genome mapping.  Kalista Jordan, a fellow researcher, is murdered.  She was a professional rival, and Crone becomes the prime suspect.  A suicide and confession changes things unexpectedly, and then comes the ultimate O'Henry twist.  THE JURY is a terrific book.	2001-08-16
THE ASSISTANT ENDURES	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I hope my work endures as well as the work of Bernard Malamud.  THE ASSISTANT is a simple novel that captures perfectly its time and place.  It is also a morality tale.  It features a street thrug named Frank Alpine who thinks he might want to turn his life around.  He takes a job at a Mom and Pop grocery store to privately atone for a crime against that store (as well as other crimes elsewhere).  He agrees to work for room-and-board.  There is ethnic tension between the Jewish grocery store owners and the Italian criminal.  These tensions grow more severe when a romance develops between Frank and the grocer's daughter.  This novel comes as close to being perfect as any I've read in recent years.	2001-08-16
A Morality Tale in the Ballpark	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a great admirer of THE NATURAL.  In my seldom humble opinion, I consider it superior to the Robert Redford movie, though I loved the film.  The novel is darker than the motion picture.  The book ends differently than the movie.  In THE NATURAL, Mr. Malamud creates a modern American myth with suggestions of links to the Arthurian Legend.  Hobbs, the eventual star of the New York Knights, is the flawed hero born with the potential to be the greatest who ever was.  This story tells the tale of his hardships, his heroic accomplishments, and his larger-than-life failures.  I loved the way Malamud mixed actual baseball lore in with the invented events of his story, but I don't want to give away too many more specifics in the fear of ruining the novel for people who haven't yet read it.  THE NATURAL is a great book on many levels.  It's not just about baseball.  It's about life.  (But isn't life what baseball is really about?)	2001-08-16
An Awe-Inspiring Debut	As an author who writes books that I feel address serious themes, I was simply bowled over by Zadie Smith's awe-inspiring debut.  In WHITE TEETH, she addresses issues of sex, race, politics, assimilation/diversity concerns, socio-economic hardships, and gender politics all within a novel of epic scale.  Its geographic range is great.  Its characters may not be entirely admirable, but they do seem real.  And her London is perfect.  WHITE TEETH is a great book, fully deserving of the notice it is receiving.  If you want to discover one serious gem of a novel this year, read this one.	2001-08-16
It May Not Have The Sex Appeal of the Internet	As a professional author with my debut novel in its initial release, I know I don't need THE WOLRD ALMANAC in this Internet Age.  I can find anything I want to know by surfing across the World Wide Web.  Despite that knowledge, I buy a new almanac annually.  It rests on my desk next to my dictionary, and I use it more often.  A day doesn't go by while I'm working that I don't use the almanac to check a fact or confirm some information.  Its facts are accurate, unlike some Internet &quot;facts&quot; and information can be easily found without resorting to a search engine.  I've had a new almanac every year since I was in the fourth grade, and I am certain I will get a new one every year until I die.	2001-08-16
M-W's Always Within Reach	As a professional author with my debut mystery novel in its initial release, the second series book written and in the publishing pipeline, and the third being written as I write this review, I suppose I know a thing or four about decent books.  This dictionary features an exhaustive vocabulary.  I have to admit, though, that the plot is weak and characterization is nonexistent.  It is practically impossible to read this book straight through in one sitting.<br />Seriously, in addition to being a mystery author, I am also a professional educator.  I received a comped copy of this dictionary from an ever hopeful textbook peddler.  His comping me paid off.  We adobted this dictionary at the high school at which I teach, and MERRIAM WEBSTER'S COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY is the only dictionary I ever use in either of my professions.  It is always within my reach.	2001-08-14
THIS BOOK STICKS WITH YOU	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I recognize a finely written story when I read one.  Barbara Tuchman's A DISTANT MIRROR tells a magnificent story.  The story told in A DISTANT MIRROR is one of a calamitous century.  There is a Hundred Year War interrupted by brief periods of uneasy peace.  There is a mysterious plague attacking people some view as being morally culpable for their illness.  There is religious strife in all corners of civilization.  There are massacres of people of the Jewish faith.  There is the rich living in unbelievable comfort while the poor live exploited lives that are brutish, miserable, and short.  No, A DISTANT MIRROR does not deal (at least directly) with the last century; it deals with the Fourteenth Century.  It is a brilliant work by a brilliant historian.  It is one of my favorite popular history works.	2001-08-14
THIS GUIDE'S FOR YOU	When I signed the publication contract for my first mystery novel, I suspected I may have some promotional journeys in store for me.  I figured I'd be expected to travel to New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles, Denver, San Francisco, and other places I knew fairly well.  I never realized I'd also be appearing in Anchorage, Plano, Modesto, Yuma, Palm Springs, and countless other terrific towns across the United States promoting my novel.  Since my book's publication, I've been doing all sorts of traveling, and this guide to watering holes has been a wonderful addition to my baggage.  If you plan on being in an unfamiliar place, refer to this book.  If you want to set up business meetings in territories you don't know well, use this book.  If you want to find a pleasant dive in which to spend an evening, check out this book.  THE BEER LOVER'S GUIDE TO THE USA is the modern author's most indispensable companion.  Buy it!  Read it!  Take care of this book, and this book will take care of you!	2001-08-14
D'Amato's Chilling Thriller	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by Barbara D'Amato's HELP ME PLEASE.  I love the way Ms. D'Amato effectively works the criminal use of the Internet into this police procedural.  Danni Gaston, a young daughter of two celebrities--an entertainer and a politician--is abducted from a church.  The snatched child appears on the Internet a matter of hours later, and the kidnappers demand the release of a web-terrorist.  Police detective Polly Kelly is given the task of solving the crime and finding the child.  Kelly finds herself pressured by a camera webcasting Danni's every move as well as the child's deteriorating condition.  Ms. D'Amato has written a fine book with a realsitic setting, a highly contemporary plot, and realistically drawn characters.  It is a fine read.	2001-08-13
IT'S A TALE AS OLD AS TIME--RETOLD AS A LEGAL THRILLER	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire Kate Wilhelm's clever reworking of The Beauty and the Beast.  In DESPERATE MEASURES, Barbara Holloway finds herself at first in opposition to her father, Frank.  Gus Marchand is murdered, and there are two suspects.  Frank's client dies mysteriously, yet Frank does not want the blame for the Marchand homicide to be placed on his client.  Barbara's client, for awhile, remains nameless.  She is highly protective of the man who turns out to be Alex Feldman, a horribly disfigured man who had been previously accused of stalking the murdered man's teenaged daughter.  The plot grows complicated, and Alex is obviously carrying secrets.  Shelley, an associate of Barbara's, sees beyond Alex's disfigurement and into his heart.  Yet the murder must still be solved.  Great book.  One of Wilhelm's best.	2001-08-13
Chester Himes at His Best	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely admire the works of Chester Himes.  I consider COTTON COMES TO HARLEM his finest work.  Deke O'Hara is a recently freed con man, and his con of a lifetime has gone bad.  His take has been highjacked, and our tough urban cops Coffin Ed Johnson and Grave Digger Jones are on his tail (as well as the tail of everyone else involved in the con and the highjacking of the small fortune).  Himes writes terrific dialog, and he captures his setting perfectly.  His characters are vivdly drawn, and his plot is a fastmoving steameroller taking many unexpected twists and turns.  COTTON COMES TO HARLEM is THE BOOK by Chester Himes that every mystery reader ought to read.	2001-08-13
Chester Himes at His Best	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely admire the works of Chester Himes.  I consider COTTON COMES TO HARLEM his finest work.  Deke O'Hara is a recently freed con man, and his con of a lifetime has gone bad.  His take has been highjacked, and our tough urban cops Coffin Ed Johnson and Grave Digger Jones are on his tail (as well as the tail of everyone else involved in the con and the highjacking of the small fortune).  Himes writes terrific dialog, and he captures his setting perfectly.  His characters are vivdly drawn, and his plot is a fastmoving steameroller taking many unexpected twists and turns.  COTTON COMES TO HARLEM is THE BOOK by Chester Himes that every mystery reader ought to read.	2001-08-13
CHEERS FOR TIM MYERS!	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I enjoyed this debut effort by Tim Myers.  Set in the Blue Ridge Mountains at the Hatteras West Inn, INNKEEPING WITH MURDER is an unapologetic cozy.  Alex Winston operates this struggling bed and breakfast.  His B&amp;B needs constant maintenance and many more guests.  He does have a lovely maid named Elise, but unfortunately, a one of his few paying customers ends up murdered at the top of the lighthouse.  As the experienced reader expects, the police can't get their act together so Alex and Elise launch their own investigation.  Guess who solves the crime?  INNKEEPING WITH MURDER is a breezy read and an entertaining book.  I'm eagerly awaiting the next book in this series, wondering how Alex will keep his inn in business with dead bodies constantly popping up there.	2001-08-12
NELSCOTT'S WINNER STARRING SMOKEY DALTON	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by A DANGEROUS ROAD.  Kris Nelscott has set her novel in Memphis in the days surrounding the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.  She takes this factual historical mystery and superimposes her own fictional historical mystery on top of it.  A intriguing technique in itself, but she doesn't stop there.  She introduces a strong potential series lead in Smokey Dalton.  In this book, a wealthy woman named Laura Hathaway wants to learn why her mother left Dalton some cash in her will.  Dalton realizes this gift is the second significant contribution to him from the Hathaway family.  Previously, an attorney delivered him a check from the Hathaways but refused to tell him why.  Soon, Mr. Dalton and Ms. Hathaway join forces and launch their joint investigation against the backdrop of a city divided along racial grounds in one of the most chaotic eras of recent American history.  Excellent book.	2001-08-12
Another Masterpiece from Catherine Coulter	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a long-time reader of Catherine Coulter.  She is an excellent writer of contemporary romantic thrillers.  In HEMLOCK BAY, Savich and Sherlock, Coulter's husband and wife FBI team, are back in action.  They first must apprehend some satanic child-killers and then attempt to help Savich's possibly suicidal sister, Lily.  Lily has her share of problems, including a deceased child, a husband whose nothing but trouble and a handful of art forgeries, but she also finds romance with an art broker named Simon Russo.  Lots of action.  Great characters.  A twisting and turning plot.  Catherine Coulter has written a masterful book here, as she nears her fiftieth novel.  I recommend this book highly, and I hope I can write this well after fifty novels.	2001-08-12
Sounding Off for Sound Tracks	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I can easily predict that Marcia Simpson will develop into a major talent in our mystery genre.  Alaska is a grand land (I was recently there to appear at Anchorage's LEFT COAST CRIME mystery convention) and Ms. Simpson makes the most of her setting.  Liza Romero captains a freighter that services the islands south of the state capital.  Along this stretch of water, strange events begin to happen.  Among these strange events, healthy whales are beaching themselves.  The wildlife expert, Henry Sizemore, who investigates the cause of the beached whales apparently drowns in an accident.  So launches Liza Romero's second mystery.  Liza remains a strong character in this new novel.  Newcomer, Scott Beringer also proves interestingly conflicted.  The most fascinating elements of SOUND TRACKS, though, are the ecological underpinnings of this story.  SOUND TRACKS is a terrific follow-up to Ms. Simpson's stunning debut, CROW IN STOLEN COLORS.	2001-08-12
WOLFF'S MEMORABLE MEMOIR	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I found Tobias Wolff's THIS BOY'S LIFE to be an extraordinary work.  In THIS BOY'S LIFE, Wolff recalls his teenaged years when he and his mother traveled together from state to state as she attempted to find a man she could live with.  Upon her remarriage, Wolff discovered himself in a battle of wills with his abusive stepfather.  Wolff survived, and most readers will find this book fascinating.	2001-08-12
THIS FORD'S TOP OF THE LINE VEHICLE	As an author with my first novel in initial release, I found myself influenced enough by Richard Ford's INDEPENDENCE DAY to set my first book to open on the Fourth of July.  In my opinion, Ford's INDEPENDENCE DAY is the finest American novel of the nineties.  In this work, Ford brings back his everyman, Frank Bascombe.  As with Updike's Rabbit in RABBIT IS RICH, Frank has acquired wealth.  He has quit sportswriting, and he is currently peddling real estate.  Of course, his ex-wife is now married to a richer man, and Frank is still struggling to cope with his contemporary life.  His friends, his lover, his business associates all play their parts in his life.  As the holiday weekend approaches, Frank plans a trip with his son to the Hall of Fame, in the hope of helping his troubled boy straighten out.  Events intervene, and Frank again finds himself fighting to cope with his role in this world.  INDEPENDENCE DAY is Richard Ford's masterpiece.	2001-08-12
POETRY FROM A MAN WHO SHOULD WIN THE NEXT NOBEL PRIZE	I'm a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release and a government teacher in one of the most impoverished high schools in this country.  I am also a great admirer of Jimmy Carter, and I firmly believe that he deserves the next Nobel Prize (okay not for literature--the Big One--THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE.)  ALWAYS A RECKONING is a book that I keep on my desk in my classroom.  These poems are heartfelt and they reveal much about this humble man and his life in the South as the South began to change.  I will often read selected works from this book when we cover the electoral process and civil rights.  These poems are honest and well-written.  And, on a personal level, whenever any mystey reader questions the reality of my private eye series lead (a former politician who writes poetry), I point them to this book by this GENTLEMAN who once occupied the Oval Office.	2001-08-12
SHORT BUT NOT REALLY SWEET	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I cut my first writing teeth on short stories and I clearly realize Raymond Carver's brilliance.  All of his collections are excellent.  WHAT WE TALK ABOUT WHEN WE TALK ABOUT LOVE is among his best.  Carver can pour more felt life into a few thousand words than most of us other writers can do in tens of thousands of words.  These stories--some odd, some simple, all minimalist--showcase Carver's talent as well as those in any other collection.  If I could have ever learned to write short stories as powerful as Carver's, I likely would have never begun my successful career as a novelist.	2001-08-12
Ford Writes Like a Bentley	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am completely taken by the works of Richard Ford.  I read everything he writes, and THE SPORTSWRITER marked my introduction to Ford's works.  His everyman, Frank Bascombe, does his best to survive his mundane New Jersey life.  He is middle-aged with a fractured family.  He has an ex-wife.  He has a roommate, of sorts.  He has some acquaintances he finds convenient to call friends. He has a girlfriend who works as a nurse.  Frank has given up his youthful aspirations to be a serious novelist.  He now works as a sportswriter.  He's a sportswriter in the same way Willie Loman is a salesman. THE SPORTSWRITER is about contemporary American life, and Ford does a brilliant job with his material.  I recommend this book highly.	2001-08-12
COYOTE REVENGE IS REALLY OK	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release within this culture that worships youth, I suppose I should not reveal my age by admitting I actually once wore a presidential campaign button for the author of this mystery.  I would've voted for him too, save for the fact that Fred Harris dropped out of the race long before the California primary.  He would've gotten my first ever vote (see, I'm not THAT ancient!), but now I get to vote strongly in favor of his first mystery novel. COYOTE REVENGE is set in Oklahoma during the Depression.  Times are tough for everyone, especially Hoyt and Inez Ready.  Someone shoots them and then burns down their home.  Two years later, the mystery is still unsolved when their son, Dub, dies under dubious circumstances.  Dub Ready was sheriff, and the sheriff's job then goes to Okie Dunn, a friend of Dub's who recently returned home after dropping out of law school.  Okie begins to investigate the deaths, and the investigation produces some interesting answers.  Fred Harris has written a terrific historical mystery here, and it captures its time and place perfectly.  I would expect nothing less from a man I still think would have made an excellent president.	2001-08-12
CHEERS FOR TIM MYERS!	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I enjoyed this debut effort by Tim Myers.  Set in the Blue Ridge Mountains at the Hatteras West Inn, INNKEEPING WITH MURDER is an unapologetic cozy.  Alex Winston operates this struggling bed and breakfast.  His B&amp;B needs constant maintenance and many more guests.  He does have a lovely maid named Elise, but unfortunately, a one of his few paying customers ends up murdered at the top of the lighthouse.  As the experienced reader expects, the police can't get their act together so Alex and Elise launch their own investigation.  Guess who solves the crime?  INNKEEPING WITH MURDER is a breezy read and an entertaining book.  I'm eagerly awaiting the next book in this series, wondering how Alex will keep his inn in business with dead bodies constantly popping up there.	2001-08-12
AN AMAZING WOMAN ENDURES	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, my first thought upon reading STOLEN LIVES was how no one would read this book if it was fiction.  It is not fiction.  It is fact, every horrifying detail.  Malika Oufkir was adopted by a king and raised as a princess.  Yet, due to political turmoil in her native Morocco, this general's daughter (and the rest of her surviving family) find themselves imprisoned in a series of desert jails.  From the palace to the prison, through no fault of her own, is the path of Ms. Oufkir's life.  She tells this tale without pulling any punches and the reader finds herself experiencing what this unfortunate woman (and her family)was forced to endure.  And endure she does.  Not only does she endure, but she finds the strength to write this magnificent heartfelt book.  Read STOLEN LIVES.  You will feel its impact.	2001-08-11
COONTS AT THE TOP OF HIS TALENT	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I admire Stephen Coonts and his work.  In AMERICA, Coonts is working at the top of his talent.  If you like plenty of action, a courageous lead, an ominous villian, some sexy women, and the continued existence of Western Civilization as we know it being on the line, you'll enjoy AMERICA too.  U.S.S. America is the ultimate submarine.  It vanishes in a hijacking on its maiden voyage, and Jake Grafton must find it.  The book opens with satellite going missing, and that fact also plays into a plot that takes several unexpected twists and turns.  This novel is also full of loads of technical scientific and engineering information, and it comes close to being the perfect techno-thriller.	2001-08-11
Koenig Takes Another Bite Out of Mickey Mouse's Cheese	As an author of a mystery novel in current release that uses a fictional Orange County amusement park as a primary setting, I was impressed by David Koenig's MORE MOUSE TALES.  It is a follow-up to his hugely popular MOUSE TALES, yet I detected a slightly darker tone to this book.  While I am convinced he struggled to be absolutely fair, Koenig provides quite a bit of space in this book to employee complaints.  Still, I found MORE MOUSE TALES fascinating.  Koenig obviously did his research.  He knows his material.  He is an excellent writer.  MORE MOUSE TALES is a terrific book.	2001-08-11
BUKOWSKI--A BRILLIANT BARFLY	As the author of current mystery novel that features a Southern California private eye who is also a small-press poet, I am a great admirer of Charles Bukowski and his work.  LOVE IS A DOG FROM HELL is my favorite Bukowski collection, and it provides the reader with a comprehensive selection of this great contemporary poet's work.  Bukowski's work has had a strong influence on my own poetry as well as on the poetry of my fictional private cop.  Upon his death, I wrote tribute poem honoring this admirable writer, and it quickly found publication.  I would recommend LOVE IS A DOG FROM HELL to any reader who wants to become familiar with Charles Bukowski's life's work.	2001-08-11
How Disney Keeps the Magic in its Magic Kingdom	As the author of a mystery novel in current release that uses a fictional Orange County amusement park as a primary setting, I found David Koenig's MOUSE TALES fascinating.  He did his research, and he presents what he learned in an entertaining manner.  In MOUSE TALES, he tells some tales that Disney's Big Rats might prefer to remain untold, yet he is also fair.  He shows his reader how Disney's theme parks are run and how they manage to remain the most popular amusements of their kind in the world.  MOUSE TALES is a fair book.  It is an honset book.  It is a good book.	2001-08-11
A TALE FROM THE BROKEN PROMISED LAND	As a novelist with my debut novel which addresses contemporary immigration themes in its initial release, I was particularly taken by Andre Dubus III's HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG.  The book opens with a disturbing scene from our contemporary promised land--talented people of diverse nationalities who have immigrated to America holding immigrants' dreams close to their hearts have been reduced to picking up trash along a California roadway.  HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG centers on Massound Amir Behrani.  He is a former high-ranking Iranian officer who left his homeland for political reasons.  He arrives in the United States, full of hopes.  He is willing to work hard to achieve his dreams yet he finds his expensively printed resumes and job interviews in well-trimmed French suits, produce no suitable opportunities.  He sinks most of his money into a high-priced apartment with elaborate furnishings in the hope that his daughter will find an acceptable match in marriage.  Once she marries, he buys a house at auction.  The house's previous owner, Kathy Nicolo, wants to desperately keep her home.  Problems arise.  Kathy and Behrani repeatedly conflict over this house.  You can imagine what happens.  This book is amazing.  It presents contemporary America in an honest, straight-forward, and heartfelt manner.  Great work.	2001-08-11
Ambrose's Take on the Greatest Generation	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I was fascinated by Stephen Ambrose's BAND OF BROTHERS.  An uncle I obviously never knew died on Utah Beach.  My brother was named after him, as is my eldest son.  I first read this book hoping to gain some understanding of what that long-dead relative experienced.  I got much, much more.  Ambrose tells the tale of this band of brothers who landed on Utah Beach and played a part in many crucial events of World War II.  While he tells of these great occurrences, he also recounts some deeply personal incidents.  It is a marvelously researched work.  Read it as soon as you can.	2001-08-11
OH, CONSPIRACY THEORY!	As a mystery novelist with my debut novel in initial release, I make numerous promotional appearances around the country.  Recently, I was in Dallas, and THE SIXTEENTH MAN'S author Thomas Sawyer was also on the same convention program.  During some free time, Tom suggested I take my daughter to the Sixth Floor Museum, a Dallas museum concerned with the JFK assassination, as is Mr. Sawyer's novel THE SIXTEENTH MAN.  My daughter and I enjoyed the museum, and I have since enjoyed Mr. Sawyer's novel.  It is a fascinating tale of two interlocking stories.  In 1963, PI Charlie Callan, while working a domestic surveillance case, finds his life endangered when he is linked to a certain murder-conspiracy.  In time present, sixteen male skeletons are discovered by researcher Matthew Packard.  Fifteen are ancient, more ancient than any human remains ever before found in North America.  The sixteenth is recent, and Packard finds himself suddenly plunged into a dangerous world of fast-paced action and life-threatening twists, surprisingly linked to the JFK assassination.  Mr. Sawyer has written a terrific thriller.	2001-08-10
A SURREAL PERSPECTIVE ON AMERICA AND VIETNAM	As an author with my first novel in its initial release, I am a great admirer of Tim O'Brien's GOING AFTER CACCIATO.  While I have never been any closer to Vietnam than Honolulu, GOING AFTER CACCIATO captures the insanity of America's Vietnam experience for me.  Good men fought the Vietnam War for what they thought were the correct values, and good people opposed the war because of what they thought were the correct values. Tim O'Brien brings these contradictory values to life in this work.  Cacciato deserts his jungle post in-country with the intention of walking over 8,000 miles of land to Paris to get those infamous peace talks moving forward.  The men of his squad pursue him, soon beyond the world of factual reality.  They go on a surreal journey across Asia, Middle East, and Europe, raising more questions than they answer.  GOING AFTER CACCIATO is Tim O'Brien's masterpiece, a landmark in contemporary American literature.	2001-08-10
PRACTICAL CATS--NOW AND FOREVER!	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release that features a private investigator who is also a poet, I love this book.  This verse collection is perhaps T.S. Eliot's most accessible work, and it provided the raw material for the fabulous musical CATS.  I enjoy reading these poems, and I've enjoyed attending the musical.  I think I saw CATS three times during its Winter Garden run, twice in Los Angeles, and once each in San Francisco and the Palm Springs area.  CATS would not exist as a most enjoyable musical if the poet Eliot had not first jotted down OLD POSSUM'S BOOK OF PRACTICAL CATS.	2001-08-10
HELLER'S MASTERPIECE IS STILL A RITE OF PASSAGE	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I fondly recall reading Joseph Heller's CATCH-22 during high school.  Yossarian, the wise yet trapped bombardier, spoke eloquently about the insanity of war to a generation who grew up watching news reports from the jungles of Vietnam.  I was recently shocked to discover youths still read this novel as a rite of passage.  My son, a college freshman, has spent the summer reading and discussing CATCH-22 with his girlfriend.  As I've listened to their takes on this book, I realized that Heller's masterpiece was not merely a period piece.  It remains a solid work that still speaks to the youth of today as it did too many decades ago.	2001-08-10
GAIL AND ANTHONY TAKE ON THE DEATH CHAMBER	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I love mysteries that address socially relevant themes.  SUSPICION OF VENGEANCE takes on the death penalty.  Gail Conner, who usually practices civil law, becomes convinced of Kenny Ray Clark's innocence.  Kenny's facing execution in a matter of days for the murder of a housewife.  Gail ropes Anthony Quintana, the noted criminal defense attorney who happens to be her lover, into helping her in her attempt to save Kenny from execution.  Together again, Gail and Anthony battle for justice and the truth fighting against the legal timeclock that might run out on Kenny.  SUSPICION OF VENGEANCE is a terrific mystery and a top-notch legal thriller, raising serious questions about the death penalty.	2001-08-10
Heil De Bernieres!	As an author with my debut novel in initial release, I am quite pleased to see that this fabulous novel is soon to become a film.  I enjoyed CORELLI'S MANDOLIN upon its first release, and I am certain I will enjoy the upcoming motion picture.  In this novel, Louis de Bernieres has created a romance set against the backdrop of a horrific war.  Dr. Iannis practices medicine on a Greek island, and his daughter, Pelagia, is engaged to a young fisherman named Mandra.  World War II disrupts their ideal life.  The Italian's invade, and Captain Corelli arrives with his mandolin.  Mandra flees to join the partisans, and the good captain becomes romantically interested in Pelagia.  Complications arise.  This book has heart.  It is a fabulous read.  As Antonio Corelli in novel replies to &quot;Heil Hitler!&quot; by shouting &quot;Heil Puccini!&quot;, I have to add &quot;Heil De Bernieres!&quot;	2001-08-10
Overwhelming Sadness--A Must Read	As a novelist with my debut novel in its initial release, I am fascinated by this glimpse of one of my all-time favorite authors nearing the end of his career.  Richard Brautigan's suicide nearly two decades ago haunts American literature almost as darkly as Hemingway's does from four decades ago.  In AN UNFORTUNATE WOMAN, the reader can see where its author is heading.  I'm glad this book has finally found print, but I'm sad knowing full well how the life of one of my literary heroes will soon end.  Brautigan's final work tells, in journal form, of a man's journey following the hanging death of a friend.  In some ways, it's a typical, rambling, fun Brautigan book.  At certain points the man shines like he did at his best.  It's the Sixties and Seventies all over again.  At other points, sadness takes over, as one can see a magnificent talent fading.  AN UNFORTUNATE WOMAN is a book I'm glad I read, and I would freely recommend it to everyone.	2001-08-09
PARADISE FOUND	As the author of a debut mystery that is set in the American Southwest, I always enjoy J.A. Jance's Joanna Brady novels.  In PARADISE LOST, Ms. Jance adds complications to her Arizona sheriff's life.  Joanna is adjusting to a new marriage, building a dream house, and dealing with a daughter who is growing up too fast.  During a Girl Scout campout, Joanna's daughter, Jenny, and one of the daughter's friends sneak off to sneak cigarettes.  They find a body.  Sheriff Brady starts investigating the murder, yet she is also concerned with her daughter's misbehavior.  Then the daughter's friend turns up dead, and Joanna worries that Jenny may be the next victim in the killer's sights.  Throw in a subplot involving Joanna's suspicions involving her new husband possibly having an affair, and you have a top-notch mystery here.  It may be titled PARADISE LOST but it is actually, for the reader, PARADISE FOUND.	2001-08-09
Patterson's Evocative Change of Pace	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I can understand how thriller author (and Edgar-winner)James Patterson would occasionally want to stretch beyond his usual genre.  With SUZANNE'S DIARY FOR NICHOLAS, Mr. Patterson not only stretches.  He writes a brilliant book.  The set-up is simple.  Katie Wilkinson, a book editor, finds herself dumped by Matt Harrison, a poet.  As a parting gift, Matt sends Katie a diary his first wife, Suzanne, kept for their son, Nicholas.  In this diary, Suzanne tells how she gave up an exhausting (and rewarding) career in urban medicine following a youthful heart attack.  Suzanne opens a family practice on Martha's Vineyard and finds happiness as well as love with a housepainter who develops into a famous poet named Matt.  Katie reads this diary and comes to a better understanding of many diverse elements in life.  SUZANNE'S DIARY FOR NICHOLAS is a terrific book.  James Patterson knew exactly when to seek a change of pace.	2001-08-09
CRANE'S CIVIL WAR CLASSIC	Before my debut mystery novel came into current release, I taught high school American Literature for fifteen years.  Stephen Crane's RED BADGE OF COURAGE was a standard part of my course's curriculum every year.  It is a classic, and it deserves to be one.  It tells the tale of The Youth who goes off to war imagining war to be a glorious encounter with nobility on all sides.  As he endures his first battle, he learns otherwise.  There has never been a better book written about the American Civil War, or was that war called (as my mother, an Alabama girl, referred to it) The War of Northern Aggression.	2001-08-09
THREE OF BRAUTIGAN'S BEST	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I want to clearly state my unabashed admiration for these three works.  DREAMING OF BABYLON is the perfect send-up of the mystery genre (in which I write serious books).  A CONFEDERATE GENERAL FROM BIG SUR captures the Sixties spirit as well as any other work of the time.  THE HAWKLINE MONSTER is a fabulously fun read--whatever a gothic western happens to be.  All these books are clever, playful, well-structured, and brilliantly done.  My only regret is that Richard Brautigan himself cut his career tragically short nearly two decades ago.  Take advantage of this collection to enjoy what we can still savor of the great writer's talent.	2001-08-09
Straub is King or Vice Versa	As an author of a debut mystery that is set primarily in a coastal amusement park, I suspect THE TALISMAN may have had a greater subtle influence on me than I ever realized.  While this is an epic work of fantasy and I am a mystery writer, I recall reading this book when it first came out.  When I saw it in reprint, I picked it up and read it again.  THE TALISMAN, opening near a silenced theme park involves the journey of a thirteen-year-old across America and into another realm attempting to save his dying mother.  The prize in crucial to Jack Sawyer, yet his journey is even more meaningful.  THE TALISMAN is a groundbreaking book, and I have never been able to tell which parts were written by which writer.  Steven King and Peter Straub are both brilliant here.  Magnificent all around!	2001-08-09
Overwhelming Sadness--A Must Read	As a novelist with my debut novel in its initial release, I am fascinated by this glimpse of one of my all-time favorite authors nearing the end of his career.  Richard Brautigan's suicide nearly two decades ago haunts American literature almost as darkly as Hemingway's does from four decades ago.  In AN UNFORTUNATE WOMAN, the reader can see where its author is heading.  I'm glad this book has finally found print, but I'm sad knowing full well how the life of one of my literary heroes will soon end.  Brautigan's final work tells, in journal form, of a man's journey following the hanging death of a friend.  In some ways, it's a typical, rambling, fun Brautigan book.  At certain points the man shines like he did at his best.  It's the Sixties and Seventies all over again.  At other points, sadness takes over, as one can see a magnificent talent fading.  AN UNFORTUNATE WOMAN is a book I'm glad I read, and I would freely recommend it to everyone.	2001-08-09
Fine Debut by John Fulton	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release and an educator who occasionally teaches short story writing within the California State University system, I want to praise John Fulton's RETRIBUTION.  It is a collection of short stories with varied subject matter, diverse settings, and a variety of themes.  While one repeatedly hears about how the art of short story writing has died, books like RETRIBUTION prove such statements are false.  Short story writing is alive, well, and going strong.  This book should be closely read by any individual searching for top-notch contemporary short stories.	2001-08-09
Hilary's Chilling Whispers	As an Orange County-based mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I have been impressed by the terrifying works of Dean Koontz for years.  WHISPERS is one of his best books.  In WHISPERS, Hilary Thomas, a Hollywood scriptwriter, finds herself once more haunted, as she was as a child.  This book is frightening.  It is Mr. Koontz at his best.<br />In addition to being a mystery novelist, I also teach high school seniors.  Every year, I notice Dean Koontz is the author most commonly selected by my students for their independent reading.  Now that I have read this book, I am confident that WHISPERS will be among their most commonly selected Dean Koontz titles.<br />WHISPERS is a wonderful, though chilling, work.	2001-08-09
FIVE STARS FOR THE FOURTH HAND	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I find myself amazed every time John Irving writes a new book.  With THE FOURTH HAND, he has done it again--amazed me once more with his fresh-voiced creativity.  The novel takes on advances in medical technology and mixes that topic with an odd assortment of characters.  A television reporter loses a hand on camera to a circus lion.  A widow volunteers her late husband's hand for transplant, provided she is given visitation rights.  Those previous two sentences capture the tone of this fabulous book.  Read it soon.	2001-08-08
Louisiana's Finest	Being a Southern California-based mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I realize that there is quite a bit of debate about which crime fiction author best captures the ambience of my native SoCal.  There is no debate involving Louisiana.  James Lee Burke is clearly the master, and I believe A MORNING FOR FLAMINGOS is Burke's strongest work.  Dave Robicheaux is left for dead during a prison escape, yet he doesn't die.  He ends up back on the New Iberia police force going after a drug-kingpin named Tony Cardo.  Clete Purcel tags along to guard Robicheaux's back, and they wouldn't mind catching up with the man who nearly killed Robicheaux.  A MORNING FOR FLAMINGOS has a marvelous plot and well-drawn characters.  Reading this book is like visiting that fabulous state of mind known as Louisiana.	2001-08-08
EXCELLENT FILM--THE BOOK IS EVEN BETTER	As the author of a novel in its initial release that deals with multicultural issues in contemporary Southern California, I have long been fascinated by David Guterson's SNOW FALLING ON CEDARS.  While the novel is disguised as a crime fiction work, it is much, much, much more.  It opens in a courtroom and involves a murder trial.  There is an unsolved mystery at the heart of the story.  It tackles the issue of racism and the sad chapter of American history in which loyal Americans were interned simply because of their ethnic heritage.  Additionally, the novel deals with the concepts of loyalty and honor as felt by the leading characters.  SNOW FALLING ON CEDARS is also a love story (complete with a triangle), but most of all Guterson's writing captures the atmosphere of his story's time and place with perfection.  SNOW FALLING ON CEDARS is one of the strongest books written in the last quarter-century.	2001-08-08
Clark's Brilliance Shines Through	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a true admirer of the works of Mary Higgins Clark.  In BEFORE I SAY GOOD-BYE, her brilliant writing talent shines through once again.  This novel, her 22nd mystery, has all the elements that have made Ms. Clark a giant in our field.  It has romance.  It has mystery.  It some vividly-drawn characters.  It has a twisting and turning plot.  BEFORE I SAY GOOD-BYE deals with Nell MacDermott.  She is politically ambitious with her eyes on a seat in congress.  Before she can run, her husband dies in an explosion.  Questions arise challenging the dead man's honesty, and Nell wants to clear her late husband's name.  The story spins onward from there, and it is a most enjoyable story indeed.	2001-08-08
Clark's Brilliance Shines Through	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a true admirer of the works of Mary Higgins Clark.  In BEFORE I SAY GOOD-BYE, her brilliant writing talent shines through once again.  This novel, her 22nd mystery, has all the elements that have made Ms. Clark a giant in our field.  It has romance.  It has mystery.  It some vividly-drawn characters.  It has a twisting and turning plot.  BEFORE I SAY GOOD-BYE deals with Nell MacDermott.  She is politically ambitious with her eyes on a seat in congress.  Before she can run, her husband dies in an explosion.  Questions arise challenging the dead man's honesty, and Nell wants to clear her late husband's name.  The story spins onward from there, and it is a most enjoyable story indeed.	2001-08-08
ANOTHER ENJOYABLE READ FROM MS. STEEL	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I genuinely admire how Ms. Steel consistently writes books that are thoroughly enjoyable to read.  THE WEDDING tells the tale of Hollywood lawyer Allegra Steinberg who finally begins to focus her attentions on her own life.  The novel tells of fame, fashion, and passion among the entertainment world's elite.  We all know what to expect from a Danielle Steel novel.  THE WEDDING is no exception.  It's a fine read from a fine writer.	2001-08-08
THE DEBUT OF THE MODERN FICTIONAL DETECTIVE KNIGHT	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I make frequent appearances at mystery conventions to promote my debut title.  At one recent convention, I was sitting on an author panel discussing &quot;The Private Eye.&quot;  Following our presentation, a reader in the audience asked us to trace the development of the modern private eye.  I fielded that question and explained that Raymond Chandler's THE BIG SLEEP is one of the crucial developmental steps along the way to the private eyes contemporary authors write about today.  In THE BIG SLEEP, Chandler started with a pulp magazine character-type and transformed that character-type into a Romantic hero--the modern urban knight-errant.  He took Hammett's tough guy, kept him tough yet gave him heart.  THE BIG SLEEP tells a complicated tale in a complicated fashion.  William Faulkner, when he was scripting the classic Bogart film, claimed he couldn't comprehend the plot.  I've always assumed Faulkner was joking.  The story can be comprehended by even small minds, like mine.  The story involves murder, blackmail, gambling, a family of great wealth, self-destructiveness, and other standard plot fixtures of detective fiction.  Most importantly, this book marks the debut of Philip Marlowe.  Without Chandler's Marlowe the mystery genre would not be what it is today.	2001-08-08
McCourt's Masterpiece	As a high school teacher and a published novelist (my debut book is in its initial release), I understandably found myself attracted to ANGELA'S ASHES by Frank McCourt, himself an educator and an author.  In ANGELA'S ASHES, Mr. McCourt recounts the struggles of his youth in Ireland, his battles against poverty, and his desires for a better life.  ANGELA'S ASHES is an inspiring book that is beautifully written.  I recommend it highly to everyone.	2001-08-08
A MYSTERY THAT COULD DROWN YOU	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I found Christina Schwarz's DROWNING RUTH fascinating.  It is a historical novel set in a time period we would all recognize as modern.  The story takes place early in the 20th Century.  It involves a young woman who struggles to deal with all of her society's restrictive expectations upon young women in that era as well as with her own personal desires for her life.  Amanda Starkey is a Lutheran girl who finds herself forbidden from marrying a Catholic boy in rural Wisconsin.  She becomes a nurse in Milwaukee, and she finds herself seduced by a man into what was then considered dishonor.  She returns to the family farm where a number of family members die--some from the influenza epidemic sweeping the world.  Caring for her drowned sister's child becomes primarily her responsibility, even after her brother-in-law returns from WWI.  As the story progresses, there are many questions that need to be answered and once the answers arrive, they are most enlightening.  DROWNING RUTH is a terrific first novel.	2001-08-07
A Fabulous Crime Story	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release (and a high school American government teacher), I consider Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward's ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN to be one of the finest detective stories ever written.  It has all the elements of a classic mystery.  Its leads are two hungry reporters who risk their lives to expose governmental corruption.  There is a powerful villian in opposition to our heroic journalists, and some courageous indviduals in control of the newspaper who support the reporters when it would be easy to throw them to the wolves.  There is even a shadowy character who hangs out in parking lots and passes on crucial information to our leads.  If this book was fiction, no one would believe the plot.  But it is true, sadly true.	2001-08-07
Chills on the Moors	As a mystery author with my debut book in its initial release, I am quite pleased with the wide recognition Val McDermid's A PLACE OF EXECUTION has been receiving.  It is a fresh mystery in many ways, yet it is also as frightening and chilling a story as one would ever want to read.  Alison Carter, a thirteen-year-old, vanishes in late 1963.  George Bennett, a young detective, is given the case to investigate.  He finds that he is not merely confronted by the mysterious disappearance of a young girl.  He is also confronted by Alison's hometown itself, the village of Scardale.  Scardale is an insular village along the moors--a village that is in most ways isolated from the modern world.  The people of Scardale seem to close ranks against the police officer.  Scardale's residents include several likely suspects, and Bennett must figure out whether a series of other disappearances has anything to do with his case.  This puzzle element of the mystery is merely one part of Ms. McDermid's brilliant novel.  Once the case is supposedly solved, other questions arise decades later.  A PLACE OF EXECUTION is one of the most original mysteries I have read in a long time.  It deserves the awards it has been receiving.	2001-08-07
A LANDMARK IN AMERICAN LITERATURE	As an author with my first novel in its initial release, I have always been befuddled by the desire of some individuals to ban books.  Kate Chopin's THE AWAKENING was not only banned.  It was also suppressed for many years.  I cannot understand why.  THE AWAKENING is a beautifully written book dealing with a woman, Edna Pontellier, and her desire for emancipation.  Edna is dissatisfied with her role in her society, and she takes positive steps to change it.  While THE AWAKENING may have pushed the envelope for its time, that was no excuse to ban and suppress it.  Ms. Chopin was a brilliant writer who found herself silenced because her work was too groundbreaking and brilliant.  This novel deserves to be read by everyone--several times.	2001-08-07
BREATHTAKING!!!	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I know several Southern California-based writers who are working on what they hope will be breakthrough stand-alone thrillers.  Robert Crais has his second BIG stand-alone here.  Last year, he wrote DEMOLITION ANGEL, his first break from his Elvis Cole series.  With HOSTAGE, Elvis may still be missing in action, but Jeff Talley, an ex-cop haunted by errors he made in his past career as a hostage negotiator for LAPD, carries the story well.  A botched robbery leads to a hostage situation in a small California town, and its police chief, Talley, finds himself forced into the role of hostage negotiator--his worst nightmare materializing in his new reality.  As the point of view flips back and forth among several characters, the plot grows increasingly complicated involving organized crime and Talley's own family.  This book is terrific.  Robert Crais is the finest American crime writer now working.	2001-08-07
This Hound Does Bark	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I always appreciate the classics of the mystery genre.  Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's works are among the best of the genre, and THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES is Doyle's best novel.  Those readers expecting to find in this book the famous Holmes line about the dog that didn't bark will be disappointed.  That nonbarking dog isn't here.  It's in one of the Holmes short stories.  What we have here is a moody work set among the moors with a strong and obvious Gothic influence upon Doyle by the mystery genre's founder, Edgar Allan Poe.  Holmes and his supporting cast are all in fine form.  The plot works, as does the setting and the tone.  THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES has endured.  It will continue to endure in the future.  It is a classic that people actually read.	2001-08-07
BREATHTAKING!	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I know several Southern California-based writers who are working on what they hope will be breakthrough stand-alone thrillers.  Robert Crais has his second BIG stand-alone here.  Last year, he wrote DEMOLITION ANGEL, his first break from his Elvis Cole series.  With HOSTAGE, Elvis may still be missing in action, but Jeff Talley, an ex-cop haunted by errors he made in his past career as a hostage negotiator for LAPD, carries the story well.  A botched robbery leads to a hostage situation in a small California town, and its police chief, Talley, finds himself forced into the role of hostage negotiator--his worst nightmare materializing in his new reality.  As the point of view flips back and forth among several characters, the plot grows increasingly complicated involving organized crime and Talley's own family.  This book is terrific.  Robert Crais is the finest American crime writer now working.	2001-08-07
A TALE TOLD BY AN IDIOT--NOT QUITE	As a novelist with my first book in its initial release, I have read William Faulkner's THE SOUND AND THE FURY so many times I've lost count.  I never realized its impact on me until a reader recently commented to me about how my debut book also centered on a disintegrating dysfunctional family, mentioning THE SOUND AND THE FURY by name.  Telling the tale, at least on the surface, of the Compson family from the various perspectives of the final generation of what was a once-great Mississippi family, Faulkner's masterpiece addresses all types of ultra-serious questions and themes.  Whether the portion of the novel focuses on the character of Benjy, Quentin, Caddy or Jason, Faulkner continues making his points.  It is unbelievably powerful.  THE SOUND AND THE FURY is legendary, as it deserves to be.	2001-08-07
BROTHEL WILL HOOK YOU	As the author of a mystery novel in current release which features Nevada brothels as one of its settings, I was quite impressed by Alexa Albert's BROTHEL.  Ms. Albert thoroughly researched her subject.  She got it right.  She presents the women employed as sex workers in this industry with the sensitivity and understanding they deserve.  She provides the legal and historical background for this industry, and she does not pull any punches in regards to reporting objectively on this unusual American subculture.  BROTHEL is a terrifically researched study.  BROTHEL should not be read for cheap titillation.	2001-08-07
AMONG STEINBECK'S BEST	As a California writer with my debut novel in its initial release (and a teacher in a rural high school for over twenty years), I am a true admirer of John Steinbeck.  Over the years, and on his way to the Nobel Prize, Steinbeck wrote many fine books.  OF MICE AND MEN is one of his best.  It tells a simple tale of George and Lennie as they travel together and face the challenges life throws in their path.  This novel is complex in its simplicity.  One must read it carefully or one will miss Steinbeck's crucial points.  It is deserving of the acclaim is has received in the decades since its original publication.  Once you have read it, memories of George and Lennie will not easily fade from your memory.	2001-08-06
AS J.D.SALINGER SAID AT THAT BOOKSIGNING LAST WEEKEND	GOTCHA!  No, J.D. Salinger didn't appear at a booksigning last weekend, but I wish he had.  So do millions of his other readers.  As an author with my debut novel in its initial release (as well as a high school teacher for over twenty years), I am a great admirer of THE CATCHER IN THE RYE.  By all counts and by all measures, Salinger's great novel is one of the finest books ever written by an American.  It has now been fifty years since THE CATCHER IN THE RYE was first published, and Salinger's story of Holden Caulfield rings as true today as it ever has.  Holden's angst-filled voice remains heartfelt and honest.  It is a book that everyone should read at least once.  It should be read several times. It is a masterpiece, and Salinger should be proud.  I am certain he is.  Now, if he'd only agree to go on a book promotion tour.  There is no better way to see America and meet the American reading public!	2001-08-06
Ambiguities Within Enigmas	As a crime fiction author with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire Lisa Scottoline's THE VENDETTA DEFENSE.  The vendetta defense pinpoints exactly one of the major ambiguities within enigmas within this legal thriller. Pigeon Tony Lucia, Judy Carrier's client, has killed Angelo Coluzzi, and he freely admits his crime.  As he is willing to tell everyone, the murder was payback for decades-old crimes committed against Tony's family.  Judy has to devise a legal defense for Tony, a good man who has done wrong, perhaps.  The swiftly-paced plot is complicated by a romance for Judy and death threats against Tony, Judy, and others.  This novel succeeds on many levels.  It is a winner.	2001-08-05
The Southern Sisters Win Till the End	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I shared the sadness felt throughout the mystery community upon the death of Anne Carroll George.  Ms. George was an excellent and entertaining writer, and MURDER DIRTY BOOGIES WITH ELVIS proves my point perfectly.  All of the elements of Ms. George's works are here as the murder of an Elvis impersonator must be solved.  This book is well-written, with a twisting plot and a light tone.  I enjoyed it thoroughly and only wish there were more of these books to come.	2001-08-05
Need Lawyers from Grisham?  Litigate!	As a crime fiction author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am quite impressed with John Grisham's new novel, A PAINTED HOUSE.  While there are no lawyers anywhere in sight in this story taking place in rural Arkansas, there are some crimes and needing-to-be answered questions in this book.  Grisham also touches on the theme of racial interaction between Mexican migrant laborers and poor whites (a theme familiar to my readers).  For the most part, Grisham uses A PAINTED HOUSE to evoke a time and a place.  He also makes good use of his youthful protagonist.  He achieves what he sets out to do, and he does it effectively.  A PAINTED HOUSE is, perhaps, John Grisham's strongest book yet.	2001-08-05
THIS RABBIT STILL RUNS	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am amazed by works like John Updike's RABBIT, RUN that seem fresh forever.  Published originally over four decades ago, it captures its time and its place with utter accuracy yet the novel still applies to our society that has been transformed in many significant ways since Rabbit Angstrom first appeared on the literary scene.  While he is destined for greater material success in Updike's later Rabbit novels, Rabbit is a salesman living a marginal life with an alcoholic wife in RABBIT, RUN.  Brilliant prose stylist that he is, Updike spins a winning story about these characters, and it is a story that will seemingly survive upon the American literary landscape for as long as there are readers of fine books.	2001-08-05
Joan Hess Keeps Getting Better	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am literally amazed by writers such as Joan Hess who have series of mysteries that keep improving with each work.  In MAGGODY AND THE MOONBEAMS, Ms. Hess proves my point perfectly.  Arly Hanks is chaperoning a group of teenagers who are on a repair mission to Camp Pearly Gates.  Those of us who have read our share of Arly's adventures know well that complications will arise.  In this book, Arly finds herself tangling with the Moonbeams, an all-female cult whose members are often mistaken for aliens.  As Arly attempts to solve the murder of a moonbeam member, Ms. Hess tells her tale in her usual hilarious manner.  MAGGODY AND THE MOONBEAMS has everything we have grown to expect from Ms. Hess.  It is a winner.	2001-08-05
AN AUSPICIOUS DEBUT FOR OUR FAVORITE JERSEY GIRL	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I was utterly charmed by Stephanie Plum's auspicious debut.  In ONE FOR THE MONEY, Janet Evanovich launched the career of everyone's favorite Jersey girl.  Trenton-tough Stephanie is so broke she has to drink her last beer for breakfast.  She manipulates her cousin Vinnie into letting her give the bond recovery business a try.  She has to bring in Joe Morelli, an ex-boyfriend from her teengirl years.  Her attempts to catch this cop accused of murder are hilarious, as has been the rest of Ms. Evanovich's winning series.  Great book!	2001-08-05
A NOIR CLASSIC AMONG NOIR CLASSICS	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I regularly make promotional appearances to support my book.  At one recent Texas appearance, a woman asked me about the titles I considered the most significant in American noir fiction.  James M. Cain's DOUBLE INDEMNITY was the first novel I mentioned.  It tells the tale of Walter Huff, an ordinary good man who suddenly goes extraordinarily wrong.  Phyllis Nirdlinger wants to get rid of her husband, and Walter, a insurance peddler, shows her how to maximize her (their) gain.  To succeed, they need to fool Huff's insurance company, Phyllis Nirdlinger's husband and daughter, and the daughter's boyfiend.  Along the way, DOUBLE INDEMNITY becomes a chilling morality tale, not to mention Cain's masterpiece.	2001-08-05
THE ULTIMATE WW II NOVEL--Despite THAT Spelling Error	As an author with my first novel in its initial release, there are a few books that I savor annually.  THE NAKED AND THE DEAD is one of those books.  This novel, one of the first books to emerge from the second world war, instantly established Norman Mailer as the leading writer of his generation--a title he, more or less, still holds today.  It tells the tale of the greatest generation in their greatest hour.  It presents war in powerfully truthful terms.  It also presents its characters in human terms with human concerns.  Mailer did everything well in THE NAKED AND THE DEAD.  Few authors, myself included, have seldom come close--though most of us do know how to correctly spell a certain word.	2001-08-04
Great Title--Better Book	Being a Southern California-based mystery writer, I recently sat beside Paul Bishop during the first Men of Mystery Day in Orange County.  During that hour or so, one person after another asked Mr. Bishop to sign TEQUILA MOCKINGBIRD, most praising the title.  The book does have a great title, but it is also a fine mystery.  The plot involves the murder of a member of LAPD's anti-terrorism unit, and Fey Croaker's search for the truth.  The plot takes many unexpected twists and turns, and soon Fey is struggling to protect Los Angeles from an international terrorist attack.  Paul Bishop is a pro, and TEQUILA MOCKINGBIRD is a top-notch book.  There is much to savor in TEQUILA MOCKINGBIRD in addition to its clever title.	2001-08-04
Rarely Seen a Better Book	As a mystery novelist with my debut novel in its initial release, I have to admit to being an admirer of Minette Walters and her work.  THE SHAPE OF SNAKES is a dark book filled with characters with deeply hidden purposes.  The plot is shaped like snakes, and the characters are so powerfully drawn that a reader will have a hard time forgetting them.  This book could be Minette Walters' best book, at least until her next novel is published.	2001-08-04
A Generation-Defining Novel--With Some Bull	As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I savor a few books annually.  THE SUN ALSO RISES is one of those books.  I read it first as a teenager.  I then read it six or seven times for courses as an undergraduate and a graduate student at Claremont.  THE SUN ALSO RISES tells the story of the Lost Generation.  It is Hemingway's career-defining novel as well as the novel that captured like none other the lifestyle and concerns of his American expatriot associates.  Jake, an emasculated World War I veteran, narrates the story.  Jake is in love with Brett who perhaps loves him in return, yet their love cannot be consummated.  Robert, ostensibly Jake's best friend, and Frances, Robert's girl friend, are on hand as Jake and Lady Brett struggle with their problem.  Mike, the Lady's fiance, also finds his place in the story.  Hemingway, working at the top of his talent before his persona began to envelop his writing, presents the moveable feast of Paris and the bullfighting life in Spain.  While THE SUN ALSO RISES is far from politically correct, it is a groundbreaking novel that still speaks to people today.	2001-08-04
A Marvelous Romantic Mystery	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I have been quite amazed by the frequent crossover of readers, writers, and titles between the mystery and romance genres.  Linda Howard's OPEN SEASON is the perfect example of such a crossover title.  Ms. Howard's lead, Daisy Minor is a librarian who wants a more daring life.  She decides on the changes she wants, and she goes out and makes them.  She even meets the man of her dreams, yet by then she is in severe personal danger.  A killer would like her for the next victim.  Linda Howard's OPEN SEASON is the perfect romantic mystery, mysterious romance, mystery-romance, romance-mystery, or whatever you want to call it.	2001-08-03
DEAD SLEEP--BIG WINNER	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I was immediately taken by the power of this thriller.  In DEAD SLEEP, Greg Iles tells the story of photojournalist Jordan Glass.  Jordan discovers her twin sister's face in a portrait of a dead woman.  The sister has been missing for over a year, and she is assumed to be the victim of a serial killer.  Strangely enough, the other women pictured in the exhibit's other paintings are also missing/dead.  John Kaiser, FBI agent, drafts Jordan into helping the Feds find the artist.  There are also suggestions that there may be a linkage to Jordan's father's disappearance in Vietnam decades ago.  With DEAD SLEEP, Iles has given us another first-class thriller.  Great work.	2001-08-03
CANE RIVER ROOTS	As the author of a recently published novel dealing with the theme of social inequities in the contemporary American Southwest, I was intrigued by Lalita Tademy's novel dealing with similar themes in a far different time and a much different place.  CANE RIVER tells the tale of four generations of women who struggle to bring their family up from slavery despite legal restrictions and local customs.  The story in CANE RIVER stretches out for over a century in Louisiana.  It shows how these women in this society managed to endure and prevail, yet it also shows some unusual perspectives on racial injustice.  It doesn't pull any punches or sugarcoat reality.  To some degree, Ms. Tademy based this work on the oral history of her family.  It is a fine book, deserving of the recognition it is receiving.	2001-08-03
Black Delta Night--Delightful!	As the author of a mystery novel in its initial release, I find the works of Jessica Speart most enjoyable.  In this fresh Rachel Porter mystery, Ms. Speart has her lovely and wild protagonist transferred to Elvis Country, where her superiors expect her to stay out of trouble because no trouble ever happens along this Tennessee/Kentucky portion of the Delta.  Oops, that transfer proves to be a mistake.  Rachel discovers a poaching operation backed by the Russian Mafia.  Her discovery leads to murder, and we all know who plans to solve the murder.  In BLACK DELTA NIGHT, Rachel is in top form, as is Jessica Speart's writing.  We have a terrific book here.	2001-08-03
Spenser's Auspicious Debut	As a mystery novelist with my debut novel in its initial release, I am well aware of how series protagonists evolve as a series progresses.  THE GODWULF MANUSCRIPT marks Spenser's debut.  In his spare time, his hobby is woodcarving.  He also likes to cook--which is handy because Susan Silverman struggles to boil water.  But that doesn't matter here because Susan isn't yet in this series.  Neither is Hawk or Pearl the Wonder Dog, but Spenser's essence is the same as it is in Parker's recent works.  In THE GODWULF MANUSCRIPT, Spenser is hired by a college to recover a stolen manuscript.  A murder occurs, and a stunning coed is the obvious murderer.  Obvious is not alway correct, and Spenser proves that simple truth true, not for the last time.  THE GODWULF MANUSCRIPT marks an auspicious debut for Spenser.  While some of the trappings and the supporting cast have changed as Robert B. Parker has developed his series, Spenser remains true to his inner soul.	2001-08-03
CANE RIVER ROOTS	As the author of a recently published novel dealing with the theme of social inequities in the contemporary American Southwest, I was intrigued by Lalita Tademy's novel dealing with similar themes in a far different time and a much different place.  CANE RIVER tells the tale of four generations of women who struggle to bring their family up from slavery despite legal restrictions and local customs.  The story in CANE RIVER stretches out for over a century in Louisiana.  It shows how these women in this society managed to endure and prevail, yet it also shows some unusual perspectives on racial injustice.  It doesn't pull any punches or sugarcoat reality.  To some degree, Ms. Tademy based this work on the oral history of her family.  It is a fine book, deserving of the recognition it is receiving.	2001-08-03
Alex McKnight's Winning Return	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I greatly admired Steve Hamilton's COLD DAY IN PARADISE.  It won a most deserved Edgar, and WINTER OF THE WOLF MOON is just as fine a novel.  As the book opens,Alex McKnight wants to retreat from the world.  He wants to take it easy and attempt to come to terms with what he views as his past failures in life.  He finds himself roped into playing goalie on a local hockey team, and that involvement leads to a number of complications.  This book has a twisting and turning plot that deals with the hardships of Native Americans, drug dealing, domestic abuse, and a number of other wrongs.  It is a serious book with serious concerns.  Mr. Hamilton has written himself another top-flight mystery.	2001-08-03
A Dark Book by the Dark Prince of Noir	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I admire THE BLACK DAHLIA more than any other crime fiction work by James Ellroy, an undisputed master of American noir.  In THE BLACK DAHLIA, Ellroy takes personal possession of the famous murder of Elizabeth Short, a Hollywood hopeful.  The torture/homicide actually happened in the late Forties.  It remains unsolved as of today.  Ellroy blends the actual known facts with his fictional creations involving the case.  His book centers on two obsessed LAPD detectives searching for the murderer.  To some degree, his fictionalization of the Black Dahlia case is highly personal, involving speculation upon events in his own life.  THE BLACK DAHLIA is Ellroy's master work.  It succeeds on all levels.	2001-08-02
Vachss and Burke at Their Best	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I've always considered STREGA as Andrew Vachss's best book.  This novel is the most noirish of the Burke novels.  It is well written and dark.  Burke's world is a tough place, and one has to be tough to endure.  The plot is strong and takes some surprising turns.  The characters fit their purposes perfectly.  If you can only read one book by Andrew H. Vachss, make it STREGA.	2001-08-02
COZY UP WITH THESE CAT COZIES	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I am literally amazed by the accomplishments of Lilian Jackson Braun.  Her series has been running seemingly forever, and each new book continues to be the cat's meow.  If you want to start reading this series, begin with THE CAT WHO COULD READ BACKWARDS.  With this novel, Ms. Braun launched her series and introduced James Qwilleran and his feline associates.  It established the tone for the series, and THE CAT WHO COULD READ BACKWARDS is a top-notch cozy standing purely on its own.  Plot, setting, dialog, and characters (human and nonhuman) are well done.  I recommend THE CAT WHO COULD READ BACKWARDS (and the rest of the series) highly.	2001-08-02
Another Enjoyable Hearse Ride	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in initial release, I genuinely admire Tim Cockey's Hitch series.  Hitchcock Sewell is a tall and handsome undertaker, and he finds himself getting involved in the complications you would expect a reluctant sleuth to become involved in.  HEARSE OF A DIFFERENT COLOR will not disappoint you.  It is a witty and well-plotted mystery with thoroughly enjoyable characters.  It is the second fine effort for Mr. Cockey.  I am eagerly awaiting his third.	2001-08-01
Award-Deserving Debut	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I am quite impressed by Glynn Marsh Alam's DIVE DEEP AND DEADLY.  Set primarily in a Florida swamp, this debut mystery features some of the finest first-book writing that I have read in years.  As Luanne Fogarty attempts to rebuild the family home, the vivid descriptions allow the reader to literally feel the swamp.  As Luanne's project continues, complications arise.  The plot twists and turns.  The characters are well-drawn.  DIVE DEEP AND DEADLY has recently been nominated for a Barry Award.  It is most deserving of this award.	2001-08-01
A Diamond of a Debut	As a Southern California-based crime fiction author of a mystery series set against multicultural backdrops, I was quite impressed with THE JASMINE TRADE.  Denise Hamilton has written a winner here.  A young Chinese woman's death leads reporter Eve Diamond into the California subculture of &quot;parachute kids.&quot;  Eve also finds danger, love, and the jasmine trade--the smuggling of women out of China for forced labor as sex-workers.  THE JASMINE TRADE is almost a perfect contemporary mystery, and Eve Diamond is destined to have a glorious career as a series character.  Fine work.	2001-08-01
A House that Speaks to the World	As a teacher in a rural high school with a student population that is 98% Latino most years and the author of a mystery series featuring a Latino private investigator, I can vouch for the power of Sandra Cisneros's HOUSE ON MANGO STREET.  It is written in deceptively simple English--perfect for teenagers still struggling with their second language (or third language for youths who first learned to speak an indigenous native language).  It tells the tale of a girl named Esperanza as she learns about life growing up in Chicago living in a house on Mango Street.  In a series of powerful vignettes, Cisneros reveals the truth about the girl's life--a truth that Esperanza has not quite yet realized.  While the book has a focus on a Latino girl, the book is universal.  You don't have to be a Danish prince to be touched by HAMLET, and the same is true about THE HOUSE ON MANGO STREET.  The vignettes illustrate Esperanza's life, learnings, and yearnings.  They reveal her dreams--dreams that reach far beyond Mango Street.	2001-08-01
THE GREAT AMERICAN TRILOGY	As an author of a debut novel in its initial release, I find myself amazed by these three books by John Dos Passos.  42nd PARALLEL, 1919, and BIG MONEY tell the tale of the growth of America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world.  Mr. Dos Passos pulls out all the stops with experimental techniques as well as traditional story telling.  Each time I read one of these books in this trilogy, I realize what a masterful writer Mr. Dos Passos was.  These are his best works.  No question about it.  They may be the best three novels, taken as a trilogy, ever written by an American.	2001-08-01
One  Ultimate Book	As a teacher in a rural high school with a student population that is over 98% Latino most years and the author of a mystery series featuring a Latino private investigator, I have always been most impressed by Rudolfo Anaya, his work, and particularly his BLESS ME ULTIMA.  Anaya is an amazing writer.  His prose is beautiful.  His story is fascinating, telling the tale of a Latino boy growing up in the American Southwest over a half-century ago.  BLESS ME ULTIMA survives the test of time, and it speaks to the youth of today--not just Latino youth in the Southwest.  Its reach is universal, and BLESS ME ULTIMA is Anaya's masterwork.	2001-08-01
The Best Neil Gulliver and Stevie Marriner Affair	Being a Southern California-based mystery writer who counts Robert S. Levinson among my friends, I freely admit that I might be biased here.  Regardless, I believe THE JOHN LENNON AFFAIR is Mr. Levinson's strongest work.  As I read the previous statement, I realize it is quite strong.  After all, Mr. Levinson's previous mystery, THE JAMES DEAN AFFAIR, camped at the top of the LA TIMES Bestseller List so long that everyone stopped counting the weeks.  In THE JOHN LENNON AFFAIR, Mr. Levinson draws upon his vast experience in the recording industry to give this work's backdrop a realistic feel.  Being of the generation that can tell you what I was doing when I heard John was shot--listening to a Wings LP--I enjoyed the novel's opening sequence involving the events immediately following John's murder.  Mr. Levinson then brings us to the present day and involves his series characters Neil, the journalist, and Stevie, the soap opera star, in a complicated scheme involving a music festival.  The festival is being held in John's memory in a small desert town near Palm Springs, yet not all with the festival is on the up and up.  The plot twists and turns.  The characters are loads of fun.  The Gulliver-Marriner divorce continues to stumble along; their divorce seems not to be finalized.  The dialog is crisp.  The setting is so realistically rendered that I instantly identified the actual locations in the fictionalized locales.  THE JOHN LENNON AFFAIR is a top-notch mystery, Robert S. Levinson's best.	2001-08-01
Thrilled UNPRINTABLE Wasn't Unprintable	As a mystery author with my first novel in initial release, I read a wide variety of mystery fiction.  I'm an admirer of Julie Waller Kaewert's previous works, and I found UNPRINTABLE to be another enjoyable read.  The Prime Minister secretly requests that Alex Plumtree of Plumtree Press publish CLEANSING.  CLEANSING seems like a total mismatch for Plumtree.  Plumtree is among the most respectable British publishers and CLEANSING is a highly controversial and sensational work.  Once the book's publication is announced, Alex Plumtree finds himself entanlged in all sorts of troubles--some violent, some legal.  Someone is trying to stop the presses, and Alex must find out who it is.  UNPRINTABLE is another fine work by Ms. Kaewert.	2001-07-31
Fine Contemporary Cozy	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I've heard quite a bit of conversation regarding Evan Marshall at mystery conventions at which I've appeared as an author.  Mr. Marshall is a literary agent who launched his mystery series starring a literary agent with this book.  Taking place in Shady Hills, New Jersey, Jane Stuart is the sleuth with a cat and several other hangers-on.  In MISSING MARLENE, Jane and her people (including her cat)must find a missing person--Marlene.  The book has a well-paced plot and enjoyable charcters.  It is a thoroughly enjoyable contemporary cozy.	2001-07-31
THE BIG NAP is a Big Success	As a mystery writer with my debut book in its initial release, I noticed this new mystery because of its title--THE BIG NAP, a clever play on THE BIG SLEEP.  The cleverness in this work doesn't stop with the title.  While Ayelet Waldman's tone for the most part is light, she addresses some serious themes here.  Her sleuth, Juliet Applebaum, L.A. public defender turned stay-at-home mom, represents many contemporary women juggling the various facets of their overcrowded lives.  Ms. Waldman has given us a first-rate mystery involving the disappearance of young Fraydle Finkelstein.  She draws vivid contrasts between the worlds of conservative Judaism and Applebaum's liberal Hollywood style.  All in all, Ms. Waldman has written a fine book here.  You won't fall alseep reading THE BIG NAP.	2001-07-31
TIME TRIAL IS TERRIFIC	As a mystery author, I had the honor of moderating an author panel at a recent Left Coast Crime convention upon which R.E. Derouin sat.  I read TIME TRIAL in preparation for my moderator duties, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.  TIME TRIAL takes place in Mr. Derouin's adopted hometown of Ouray Colorado.  Detective David Dean has left his home in Pennsylvania to recover from gunshot wounds.  He finds trouble follows him to scenic Colorado, and TIME TRIAL is a fast-paced and complex thriller.  I recommend it highly, as I do the other works by Ray Derouin, a talented writer, as well as a charming and interesting man.	2001-07-30
Personalizing the Chaos in the Middle East	As a suspense author with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire John Le Carre's LITTLE DRUMMER GIRL because it achieves what all authors of such types of fiction hope to achieve.  Le Carre takes the complex issues involved in the Middle East and personalizes these issues with an intricate plot and vividly drawn characters.  He makes the underlying and conflicting truths beneath this permanent international hotspot comprehensible to all who read his novel.  Charlie, a beautiful actress, is lured into participating in a mission to entrap a Palestinian terrorist.  Le Carre avoids simple answers and presents the views of all sides fairly.  LITTLE DRUMMER GIRL is a terrific book, one I always recall when there is additional senseless violence in that most unfortunate world region.	2001-07-30
ALASKA--THAT WORD  SAYS IT ALL	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I found myself booked for a number of promotional appearances in Alaska.  I re-read Mr. Michener's ALASKA to help me prepare for my journey.  ALASKA, while a work of fiction, is amazingly informative and educational.  James Michener is a masterful story teller, yet he always gives his reader a thorough feel for the setting he is writing about.  In ALASKA, Michener covers that vastness we know as Alaska--from its earliest history to its present day challenges.  When I arrived in Alaska, I felt most comfortable in that unique state because I had just read this book.  It is a master work.	2001-07-29
Awesome Anthology	Being a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I have met many (and know well some) of the authors featured in this collection.  I freely admit to this bias, but I still assert AND THE DYING IS EASY provides an excellent introduction to contemporary mystery short fiction.  Some big names are featured--Dana Stabenow, Max Allan Collins and Tamar Myers among them.  Some reasonably new authors are also featured.  There is a wide variety of story types in this collection--some as cozy as cozies get while others reach the level of gritty to the extreme.  Various authors use historical and contemporary settings.  I particularly enjoyed Matt Witten's, Andy Straka's, Sam McCarver's, and k.j.a. Wishnia's tales.  AND THE DYING EASY is such a fine introduction to short form mysteries that I, in my role as university professor, have made this book part of the assigned reading for my writing short mystery fiction course this fall at California State University.	2001-07-29
Benson, Raymond Benson	As a suspense writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I have endless admiration for the James Bond series.  It is the most successful suspense/thriller series of all time--if one doesn't count Homer's heroic epics which are still in print a few millennia after they were written--and the series is still going strong in Raymond Benson's capable hands.  He was a Bond scholar before he began writing these new Bond novels, and he gets Ian Fleming's characters and attitudes correct.  NEVER DREAM OF DYING has everything one has grown to expect from a James Bond book or film.  There are super-villians, exotic locales, glamorous women, and a spectacular conclusion.  Read it and enjoy it.	2001-07-29
THE CLASSIC CLASSIC MYSTERY	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I've been thinking quite a bit recently about MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS, the first adult mystery I read--too many years ago.  I thought then, and I still think today, that MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS is the perfect classic mystery.  Christie created a murder in a stranded railroad car--a murder her sleuth Hercule Poirot must solve.  She has a classic collection of suspects, and a crime supposedly impossible to commit.  Poirot, of course, solves the crime, and I still admire this book decades after I first read it.	2001-07-29
The Stuff Our Dreams Are Made Of	As a mystery author with my debut novel in its initial release, I recently appeared on an author panel at a mystery convention when THE MALTESE FALCON came up in the discussion.  I was sitting next to the current Edgar Award winner when a member of the audience asked us about the orgins of the present day fictional private eye.  I fielded the question and replied that the modern private investigator began with Dashiell Hammett.  While Hammett's Continental Op came first, Sam Spade in THE MALTESE FALCON defined literature's private eye for all time.  THE MALTESE FALCON is the defining book in mystery fiction.  It is required reading for any serious student of the mystery genre.  What Hammett did in this landmark novel, we have all been merely building on since.  THE MALTESE FALCON is the crucial book in the mystery genre.	2001-07-29
THE PERFECT SPY BOOK	As a suspense writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I am a great admirer of the works of John Le Carre.  He transformed fiction with a focus on the shadowy world of espionage from the James Bond fantasies into a much fuller and realistic form of literature.  I believe THE PERFECT SPY is his best book.  Magnus Pym, a British agent, has vanished, and the search for the man ranges throughout America and Europe.  The most fascinating element of this novel concerns the exploration of Pym's personal past.  This book is excellent.  It is John Le Carre at his best.	2001-07-29
IN COLD BLOOD ENDURES THE TEST OF TIME	As a crime fiction writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I admire books that stand the test of time.  Truman Capote's IN COLD BLOOD clearly endures this test.  In this famous &quot;nonfiction novel&quot;, Capote tells the tale of the cold-blooded murder of a Kansas family.  The images Capote presents still remain fresh.  The consequences of the murderers' crimes are also given vivid play.  All in all, IN COLD BLOOD remains a powerful book decades after it was written.	2001-07-29
ANOTHER PLEASANT RUN AROUND THE TRACK	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I am literally amazed by every new mystery from Dick Francis.  Even though SHATTERED may be his last book, Mr. Francis has not lost his touch in over forty full-length works.  All of his standard elements are here.  There is the horse racing backdrop.  There is a decent man who finds himself forced into reluctant heroism.  There is evil that must be defeated.  In SHATTERED, Mr. Francis introduces us to glass-blowing.  Gerard Logan is a close friend of Martin Stukely, a jockey who died in a bad fall a Cheltenham.  Gerard is beaten terribly in his glass-blowing studio.  A gang is responsible.  The gang includes the daughter of the late Martin's valet, and they are convinced that Gerard has in his possession a video tape.  The gang is willing to kill Gerard to get the tape.  The story flows from there, and it features a fine romance between Gerard and a policewoman.  SHATTERED is a winner.  I hope Mr. Francis writes forty more novels, though we all doubt if he now will.  If SHATTERED is the end of his career, he has ended on top.	2001-07-28
A Career Rising with Pisces	As a Southern California-based mystery writer, I have been genuinely impressed by Martha Lawrence's works.  Many people initially react to Ms. Lawrence's psychic detective as a silly gimmick.  As created by Ms. Lawrence, Elizabeth Chase is a fully-realized and realistic character.  In this fourth outing,PISCES RISING, Elizabeth is mourning the death of her lover, and she becomes involved in investigating homicides that occur on an Indian reservation.  Gambling issues play a major part in this novel, as does Native American beliefs.  Ms. Lawrence tells a fine tale with a swiftly moving plot and fabulously drawn characters.  Another winner for Martha Lawrence.	2001-07-28
A Five Star Mystery About the Lone Star State	As a mystery novelist with my first book in its initial release, I genuinely admire Howard Swindle's second Jeb Quinlin mystery, DOIN' DIRTY.  While it features Quinlin, a recovering alcoholic detective, and his partner, Paul McCarren, investigating the death of an investigative reporter with an Eastern Establishment background, Swindle's most impressive strength comes from his knowledge of Texas.  He renders the ambience of his setting as few other authors do.  His plot is also swiftly-paced with the powerful Colter family apparently involved in the crime.  The sub-plot involving Jeb's relationship with Madeline, also a recovering alcoholic, is given significant space.  All in all, DOIN' DIRTY is a fine book, deserving of notice and attention.	2001-07-28
LONG LIVE THE QUEEN	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I genuinely respect the accomplishments of P.D. James.  In DEATH IN HOLY ORDERS, she clearly proves again that she is the QUEEN of Crime Fiction.  Adam Dalgliesh travels to a theological college where he has been asked to investigate the death of a student.  The death has been declared accidental, yet the student's family is far from certain.  Dalgliesh investigates.  P.D. James serves up a magnifiecnt plot and excellent character studies.  Her setting allows theology to be worked into the story, and Adam Dalgliesh, her poetry-loving sleuth, seems right at home.  DEATH IN HOLY ORDERS is a terrific book, one of the queen's best.	2001-07-28
Strange Journey in Our Capital's Underbelly	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I feel George Pelecanos' RIGHT AS RAIN is among his finest works.  In RIGHT AS RAIN, Pelecanos introduces a new lead character, PI Derek Strange.  Strange, a black man approaching middle-age, is hired by the mother of a slain cop.  Chris Wilson, a black cop, is shot and killed by Terry Quinn, a white cop.  Quinn is eventually driven off the force, and, oddly, becomes allied with Strange.  Together, the men search for the truth among Washington scenes tourists seldom see.  Great book.	2001-07-28
Jack Ryan Playing Patriot Games	As a crime fiction writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I have been impressed by the success of Tom Clancy and his Jack Ryan character for as long as I can recall.  In PATRIOT GAMES, Clancy provides the backstory for Jack Ryan.  In PATRIOT GAMES, Ryan takes on the ultra-left wing of the IRA and prevails.  Clancy, as always, tells a good story.  His plot is well-paced.  His characters are interesting.  Jack Ryan is a winner.  So is PATRIOT GAMES.	2001-07-28
A Five Star Mystery About the Lone Star State	As a mystery novelist with my first book in its initial release, I genuinely admire Howard Swindle's second Jeb Quinlin mystery, DOIN' DIRTY.  While it features Quinlin, a recovering alcoholic detective, and his partner, Paul McCarren, investigating the death of an investigative reporter with an Eastern Establishment background, Swindle's most impressive strength comes from his knowledge of Texas.  He renders the ambience of his setting as few other authors do.  His plot is also swiftly-paced with the powerful Colter family apparently involved in the crime.  The sub-plot involving Jeb's relationship with Madeline, also a recovering alcoholic, is given significant space.  All in all, DOIN' DIRTY is a fine book, deserving of notice and attention.	2001-07-28
Reacher Reaches New Levels of Excellence	As the author of a mystery series set against a multicultural backdrop, I found Lee Child's new Jack Reacher novel, ECHO BURNING, fascinating.  It takes place primarily in Echo, Texas.  Reacher, Child's tough yet honorable protagonist, is aiming to protect Carmen Greer, a Hispanic woman, from her husband.  The husband has served time in prison, and he blames his wife for the conviction.  Carmen fears her husband plans to pay her back for what has happened.  In this thriller, Child addresses the issues of discrimination and domestic abuse while telling a fast-paced story.  ECHO BURNING is a terrific book, perhaps Lee Child's best yet.	2001-07-26
Perry's Winner Sans Whitefield	As a mystery author with my first novel in its initial release, I am a great admirer of the works of Thomas Perry, especially his Jane Whitefield series.  DEATH BENEFITS does not feature Perry's popular Seneca lead, yet it is a true winner nevertheless.  DEATH BENEFITS involves an ordinary man who discovers talents and abilities within himself that he was unaware that he possessed when he finds himself placed in a fresh and dangerous role.  John Walker is drafted from his routine job by a shadowy Max Stillman to investigate insurance fraud against McClaren Life and Casualty.  Together, the men track their prime suspect ....  They eventually travel to other locales and uncover a series of crimes with roots planted long ago.  John Walker is a fascinating character and perhaps he will return in future Perry books.	2001-07-26
UNDER THE RED, WHITE, AND BLUE	As a crime fiction author with my first novel in its initial release, I must confess to my unabashed admiration for THE GREAT GATSBY.  If it isn't the finest novel ever written (which I've been known to argue it is) or the finest American novel (which again I've been known to argue it is) or the finest Twentieth Century novel (which, you know the drill), it is the finest crime novel ever written.  I read this book annually.  Many other crime fiction writers do the same.  THE GREAT GATSBY is perfectly constructed, with ambiguities within enigmas, as it recounts the Jazz Age, capturing that era's ambience splendidly.  It is a crime novel, yet, as with the best crime novels, crime does not dominate the entire book.  At one level, it is the story of a poor boy who dreams of becoming rich and marrying an American golden girl.  On another level, it is the story of the American upper crust personified by that golden girl and her polo playing husband.  On still another level, it is the story of a young Midwestern gentleman who matures into genuine manhood one summer amid the parties and social events of East and West Eggs in Long Island.  It is the Tale of America.  No one has told it better than F. Scott Fitzgerald, either before or since.  Ever.	2001-07-26
A Fascinating Mystery Only Jimmy Buffett Could Have Written	Being a mystery author whose detective is a serious Jimmy Buffett fan, I was fascinated by Jimmy Buffett's attempt at mystery writing.  In WHERE IS JOE MERCHANT?, the parrothead-in-chief has succeeded masterfully.  His novel is a rambling tale involving a missing rock musician, a few lovely ladies, several obsessed Caribbean characters, and the fascinating world of the tropics.  Buffett spins a wonderful tale that his fans will love and those who are not yet his fans will also enjoy. It is a top-flight mystery.  Read it on the beach with a lime-enriched Corona or a salt-rimmed margarita within your easy reach.	2001-07-26
Changes in Attitude	Being a mystery author whose detective protagonist is a hard-core Jimmy Buffett fan, I am enthusiastic about just about any work Mr. Buffett produces.  I approached A PIRATE LOOKS AT FIFTY with that enthusiasm, and I was not disappointed.  This book is part travelogue, part autobiography, and part philosophical musing.  The parrothead-in-chief tells the reader about his life, his hopes, his dreams, and his disappointments.  I found his sad story about his seriously ill father engrossing.  His tales about his marriage, his family, and his work ethic were fascinating.  In A PRIRATE LOOKS AT FIFTY, Jimmy Buffett reveals much about his inner essence and his personal evolution--his changes in attitude.  It is a fascinating book.	2001-07-26
Pitt Saves Humanity--Again	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I am a great admirer of Clive Cussler's success.  When critics comment that my protagonist is almost too good to be true, I think of Cussler's Dirk Pitt.  Pitt is a globe-trotting, brilliant, daring, courageous adventurer who annually manages to save the world.  In this most recent Dirk Pitt--the sixteenth, I believe--he is taking on an amoral outfit that calls itself The Fourth Empire.  Pitt enlists a beautiful expert in ancient languages to assist him in his battle with evil, and the action never stops to catch its breath.  ATLANTIS FOUND is exactly what Cussler's fans have grown to expect from his books.  Cussler does what he does better than anyone else, and I recommend ATLANTIS FOUND highly.	2001-07-25
The Finest Mystery Writer Now Working	As a mystery writer with my first book in its initial release, I have repeatedly asserted that Bill Pronzini is the finest mystery writer now working.  His NAMELESS series is a landmark in modern detective fiction.  His recent stand-alone thrillers have been universally excellent, deserving of the nominations and awards that several have received.  IN AN EVIL TIME is Mr. Pronzini's most recent thriller.  It features Jack Hollis, a good man pushed beyond his limits by pure evil--David Rakubian.  Rakubian is the ex-husband of Jack's daughter, Angela.  Jack finally makes a difficult decision that a man has to do what a man has to do to protect those he loves, yet he finds someone has beaten him to the task.  Jack then, once again, has to struggle to protect those he knows he has to protect.  IN AN EVIL TIME is a complex and fulfilling thiller, written by a masterful writer working at the top of his craft.	2001-07-25
Mathes at His Best	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I am going to resist the temptation to categorize this mystery into any sub-genre.  It is simply a fine read.  Mathes is working at his best.  There is a fabulous plot involving Nell and Molly's family.  Nell is the mute who hasn't spoken in seventeen years since her mother's murder, and in this book, the sisters discover their grandmother too died under suspicious circumstances.  The sisters launch their investigation, and that investigation takes them to both sides of the pond.  THE GIRL AT THE END OF THE LINE is a terrific mystery and an enjoyable read.	2001-07-25
A Lion of a Book	As a mystery writer with my first book in initial release, I am a great admirer of Nelson DeMille and his body of work.  THE LION'S GAME is one of his strongest novels.  It features NYPD detective John Corey and pits Corey against Asad &quot;The Lion&quot; Khalil.  Khalil is on a terrorist junket, and Corey must stop him.  Corey finds himself assisted by the Feds, including FBI agent Kate Mayfield.  DeMille pulls it all together in this book.  He has a swiftly-paced yet intricate plot.  His characters seem realsitic, and his alternating points of view work fabulously.  In addition to the book's fine structure, DeMille also works in generous amounts of humor and social commentary.  All in all, THE LION'S GAME is an excellent book.	2001-07-25
Choose this Prey	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I admire the work of John Sandford.  He has been writing thrilling police procedures for an unbelievable length of time.  CHOSEN PREY is one of his best.  It features wealthy police investigator Lucas Davenport searching for a serial murderer while his significant other decides it is time to start a family.  Davenport is also worried about losing his job due to municipal politics, but his hunt for a killer of beautiful blondes is his primary concern.  Is the serial killer a priest?  Is the serial killer an artist?  Is the serial killer a respected professor?  The reader knows early and is forced to observe Davenport struggle through the danger of his investigation.  Excellent tale in an excellent series.	2001-07-25
A Landmark Book for Several Generations	As a novelist with my first book in initial release, I am a great admirer of Larry McMurtry and his LAST PICTURE SHOW.  This book speaks strong messages to many generations.  It tells the universal tale of three teenaged friends--Duane, Sonny, and Jacy--as they struggle to achieve adulthood.  Duane's in love with Jacy.  Sonny thinks he is too.  Jacy also loves herself, more than she can love anyone or anything else.  She wants out of her small Texas hometown, and she'll do just about anything to escape.  The book was written about teenagers growing up a half century ago.  It was made into a magnificent film three decades ago.  THE LAST PICTURE show is still read widely today.  It is perhaps McMurtry's greatest achievement.	2001-07-25
Confirms Spillane's Brilliance	As a contemporary mystery writer with my debut novel in initial release, I have often heard Mickey Spillane and his Mike Hammer character scoffed at by the writers of today.  This collection, containing three early works, shows clearly why Spillane should be respected by authors and mystery fans of our time.  Mike Hammer, the ultimate hardboiled American private eye, is a magnificent creation.  Spillane's plots move swiftly, and the world of Mike Hammer is created in painstaking, and consistent, detail.  Each of the novels in this collection clearly shows why Spillane has had the impact he has had on the mystery genre.  He should not be scoffed at when he deserves to be admired.  Read this collection, and you will find out why.	2001-07-24
Meg Langslow's Charming Return	As a mystery writer with my first book in initial release, I was genuinely impressed by the recognition Donna Andrews received in connection with her first book, MURDER WITH PEACOCKS.  It received every nomination in sight and won a number of those awards.  Ms. Andrews' second book, MURDER WITH PUFFINS is perhaps even better than her first.  Meg Langslow and her significant other Michael are trying to spend some time alone together, and they travel to a cottage along the coast of Maine.  Of course, their plans are foiled.  It seems Meg's entire family has joined the loving couple in Maine, and a man who may have been a long ago lover of her mother's is murdered.  Meg's father becomes a prime suspect, and in this charming cozy, Meg must clear her father and find the actual murderer.  Great book.	2001-07-24
Another Winner for Bogner	As a Southern California mystery writer, I genuinely enjoyed Mr. Bogner's previous novel, TO DIE IN PROVENCE. I was not aware of this follow-up novel, THE DEADLIEST ART, until I read a glowing review of it in THE LA TIMES. Now that I've read this new work, I can attest that that wise TIMES critic was correct. THE DEADLIEST ART is a winner. In this novel, Michel Danton is back on the scene. He is preparing to marry Jennifer Bowen, the American professor who saved his life in Bogner's previous book. Events intervene. An acid-scarred body of an American junior golfer is found on a beach and other murders occur. The police begin their investigation, and Bogner presents flashbacks of the criminals in alternate chapters. The flashbacks begin in Venice Beach in California, near my home turf. The story works. Bogner captures his settings pefectly. His characters are vividly drawn. THE DEADLIEST ART is an excellent crime fiction work.	2001-07-23
A Satisfying Debut	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release, I salute Baron Birtcher on his first Mike Travis novel. The mystery begins routinely enough with Travis, a former cop, coming out of retirement because of the recent murder of a woman whom he suspects is the victim of a serial killer who got away when Travis was still on the force. From that seemingly routine launch, the plot moves swiftly and unexpectedly. Birtcher writes tough prose and captures the essence of a tough world. ROADHOUSE BLUES is contemporary noir at its best.	2001-07-23
Fine Thiller	As a mystery author with my initial novel in current release, I genuinely enjoy the works of Kathy Reichs.  In FATAL VOYAGE,Tempe Brennan, a forensic anthropologist, is serving as a member of an investigating team searching through the remains of a plane crash.  Complications arise.  No signs of two passengers can be found, and an extra body seems to be at the crash site.  Tempe finds her professional reputation challenged, and she finds herself involved in crimes stretching back decades.  Ms. Reichs keeps her plot moving swiftly, and her characters are interesting and vividly drawn.  FATAL VOYAGE is another terrific book written by Kathy Reichs.	2001-07-23
An Excellent Cornwell	As a mystery author with my first book in its initial release, I have been an admirer of Patricia Cornwell for years.  Kay Scarpetta is a marvelous creation, and in this novel, Kay struggles to resolve numerous unresolved issues.  Her therapist puts it that way, as will the typical reader.  THE LAST PRECINCT grows directly out of the events of Ms. Cornwell's most recent novels.  This book has everything the Cornwell fan has grown to expect from Kay and the series.  All the usual characters are on hand, even a certain deceased man, in a certain way.  The plot twists and turns, and THE LAST PRECINCT is a winner.	2001-07-22
An Explosive Break from Elvis	As a Southern California-based mystery author, I have long been amazed by Robert Crais and his Elvis Cole series.  In DEMOLITION ANGEL, Crais takes a break from Elvis.  Following the recent trend of many male mystery writers, he selects a female for his protagonist in this non-series novel.  Unlike many men writing women, Crais creates a realistic and multi-dimensional character.  Carol Starkey is a scarred woman--both physically and emotionally.  Her lover was killed in an explosion, and now years later, she is still struggling to deal with her life.  Booze and drugs help her get through most days.  In DEMOLITION ANGEL, she finds herself involved in searching for a homicidal maniac in an investigation her life and experience has prepared her for in a way no one else's has.  DEMOLITION ANGEL is an awe-inspiring novel with a true winning lead.  Great book.	2001-07-22
A Terrific Book	As a mystery author, I read NORDIC NIGHTS in preparation for an author panel I was moderating at a recent Left Coast Crime mystery convention.  I was glad I did.  Lise McClendon has a terrific book here.  It takes place in Wyoming during a winter festival.  It features her strong female lead, Alix Thorssen.  Norse myths even have a part in the story.  Good plot.  Great characters.  Excellent descriptions of the unusual setting.  Excellent work all around.	2001-07-21
An Award-Deserving Debut	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I make numerous bookstore appearances promoting my book.  At one of my early bookstore appearances, a noted bookseller drew my attention to Peter Moore Smith's RAVELING.  The bookseller was correct.  RAVELING is a extraordinary work.  It deals with a disintegrating family.  Pilot is the schizophrenic son.  Pilot's older brother, Eric, is a prominent neurosurgeon.  Twenty years earlier, Fiona, the little sister, disappeared.  The novel deals with the relationship between the past and the present as well as Pilot's constantly fluctuating boundary between illusion and reality.  It addresses cruelty and abuse and the complex relationships within the Airie family.  RAVELING is truly a masterpiece, deserving of the recgonition it has received.	2001-07-21
As Grand as Alaska	As a mystery writer, I read this novel in preparation for an author panel I was moderating at a recent Left Coast Crime mystery convention in Arizona.  I was glad I did.  Stan Jones has a terrific book here.  His protagonist, Inuit Alaskan state trooper Nathan Active is a winner.  WHITE SKY, BLACK ICE succeeds on many diverse levels.  It tells a first-class story.  It creates vivid characters.  It captures the ambience of the Alaskan Bush.  The book made such a strong impression on me that I agreed to travel to the Alaskan Bush as part of the following year's Left Coast Crime convention in Anchorage.  WHITE SKY, BLACK ICE is a fine book.  Stan Jones should be deservedly proud of his accomplishment.	2001-07-21
A Taste of Appalachia	As a mystery author, I read THE LAW OF THE DEAD as preparation for an author panel I was moderating at a recent Left Coast Crime mystery convention.  Written by Tess Collins, a coal miner's granddaughter, THE LAW OF THE DEAD gives the reader a taste of life in Appalachia.  Set in Contrary Kentucky, the book features a strong female lead.  Alma Bashears was born and raised in Contrary, yet she relocated to California.  Now she is home in Appalachia, relearning her old turf, and dealing with a series of seemingly random acts of violence.  This novel succeeds on many levels.  Terrific plot.  Memorable characters.  Excellent capturing of the locale.  Tess Collins has written an excellent book.  Read it!	2001-07-21
An Awesome Accomplishment	As a mystery writer with my first novel in current release, I greatly admire any novel that successfully breaks with the established patterns of American crime fiction.  Nancy Pickard does break with our patterns in THE WHOLE TRUTH, and she succeeds masterfully.  The book opens with the conviction of Raymond Raintree for the murder of Natalie McCullen.  Marie Lightfoot is preparing a nonfiction book on the murder, and THE WHOLE TRUTH deals with Marie's struggle to complete her book, THE LITTLE MERMAID.  THE WHOLE TRUTH is an awesome accomplishment.	2001-07-19
A HISTORICAL HISTORICAL	As a mystery writer with my first novel in current release, I was quite pleased when CONSPIRACY OF PAPER earned an Edgar nomination for Best First Novel.  In CONSPIRACY OF PAPER, Mr. Liss takes his readers on a tour of early 18th Century London.  His protagonist, Benjamin Weaver, is a Jewish former boxer who describes himself as a &quot;constable for hire&quot;.  The possibly accidental death of his father, from whom he is estranged, leads Weaver immediately to two clients who hire him for quite different purposes.  As Weaver pursues his cases, he exposes the 21st Century reader to life in England three hundred years ago.  We see how the London stock market worked.  We visit the worlds of boxing and of brothels.  We observe Weaver's struggles with descrimination.  All in all, a fine first book.	2001-07-18
A Noirish Harvest	As a mystery author with my first novel in current release, I was quite pleased when THE ICE HARVEST earned its recent Edgar nomination as Best First Novel.  In THE ICE HARVEST, Scott Phillips tells the tale of Charlie Arglist as he bops from strip club to strip club in his Kansas hometown.  He is a lawyer turned bagman who is killing time on Christmas Eve awaiting his partner in crime.  They have embezzled enough cash from their employer to fund a new life.  THE ICE HARVEST captures the noirish tone of Jim Thompson, and it is most deserving of the recognition it has received.	2001-07-18
Winning Resurrection of Dortmunder as Grave Robber	As a mystery writer with my initial novel in current release,I am quite pleased to see Donald Westlake bring back John Dortmunder following a five year break.  No one writes comic caper books better than Mr. Westlake.  After Dortmunder's first attempt at crime in this novel ends in a bungled burglary, Andy Kelp approaches Dortmunder with a unique offer.  As part of a complicated scam to gain control of an Indian casino, Dortmunder is asked to remove a long dead body from a grave and replace it with the equally-dead ancestor of a woman fashioning herself as Little Feather.  Fitzroy Guilderpost arranged this scam over the Internet, and the story takes wild and hilarious swings from there.  BAD NEWS is a terric book, and I'm glad Donald Westlake resurrected his John Dortmunder to be a grave robber.	2001-07-17
Impressive Debut	As the author of a mystery series featuring a male Latino in a leading role, my path often crosses with PJ Grady's as we make our way around the mystery community's conventions.  We frequently serve as members of the same author panels, and I am always proud to be part of the same panel as Ms. Grady.  MAXIMUM INSECURITY is a terrific debut novel, and Matty Madrid is an amazing creation.  Matty is true to life.  Ms. Grady has a thorough understanding of the Hispanic culture of northern New Mexico.  Matty accurately reflects her time and place.  In MAXIMUM INSECURITY, Matty is hired to investigate the murder of a prison inmate.  That murder proves to be merely the tip of an enormous iceberg of corruption.  During the course of Matty's investigation, the reader learns much about this young woman PI and the world in which she operates.  MAXIMUM INSECURITY was most deserving of its Shamus Award nomination.	2001-07-17
An Acquired Taste	I am a mystery author with my first novel in current release, and as I tour in support of that release, mystery reading groups often refer to Kinky Friedman's work as an acquired taste.  It may be, but his novels are also extremely fun take-offs on the mystery genre.  SPANKING WATSON is a perfect example of a mature Friedman masterpiece.  Its plot is a pure invention--Kinky wants a Watson and he manipulates a situation to force each of his Irregulars into auditioning for the role.  The invented situation becomes threateningly real, but that danger doesn't stop Kinky or his hangers-on from going through their usual motions.  SPANKING WATSON has everything one expects in a Kinky Friedman, for better and for worse.  I'm not Nixoning you.	2001-07-17
The Deader the Better Couldn't Be Better	As a mystery writer with the first novel featuring my series PI Jesse Ascencio in current release, I have been impressed by G.M. Ford's Leo Waterman for years.  Seattle-based, Waterman is one of the freshest series stars to hit the mystery world in decades.  In THE DEADER THE BETTER, Leo Waterman attempts to determine what actually happened to a friend of his whose death in Steven's Falls has been ruled a suicide.  He drags together an odd group of characters, even odder than usual, to assist him in his effort, and Rebecca Duvall is on the scene to what she does as well as any girlfriend in mysterydom.  The book has a swiftly-moving plot and a truly-rendered setting.  It is most deserving of its recent Shamus Award nomination.	2001-07-12
A Classic in Every Sense	As a mystery author with my first book in initial release, I have found that reading a wide variety of works helps my writing.  Locke's TWO TREASTISES is one of my favorite books of all time.  Here is the book that subverted absolutism following a glorious revolution.  I read it first as an undergraduate at Claremont McKenna College, and I teach it annually.  Great book.	2001-07-12
A Serious Book for Serious People	As a mystery novelist with my first novel in its initial release, I have found that reading a variety of works helps me in my writing.  I first came in contact with the works of Hegel as an undergraduate at Claremont McKenna College.  Hegel's thoughts have provided foundations for political movements ranging from the far right to the far left, and this work, an excellent translation, provides insight into this thinker's thoughts.  Excellent work.  A classic in every sense of the word.	2001-07-12
A Jazzed Up Murder	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I genuinely enjoyed Bill Moody's BIRD LIVES.  In this novel, Evan Horne would like to concentrate on his musical comeback, but the Feds have different plans.  The FBI convinces Horne to solve a strange series of murders.  Someone is killing off &quot;smooth&quot; jazz musicians.  All right, so those folks perhaps ought to die, but Horne needs to catch the killer anyway.  BIRD LIVES is a great book about the jazz community, and it is also a well-written mystery.  It is most enjoyable.	2001-07-12
A Saintly Accomplishment	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in current release, I am greatly impressed by Max Allan Collins and his HINDENBURG MURDERS.  His choice of Leslie Charteris, once an actual passenger on the Hindenburg, as a sleuth was a masterstroke of brilliance.  The novel's use of a historical situation and actual people's names was deftly handled.  Collins has built a crisp mystery in a realistic-feeling setting.  THE HINDENBURG MURDERS is most deserving of its recent Shamus Award nomination.	2001-07-12
There's Moore to the Book--And a Lot Less Demi	As a mystery writer with my first book in initial release, I greatly admire the wacky works of Carl Hiaasen. STRIP TEASE is one of Hiaasen's best.  A reluctant stripper and a unique cop join forces in this novel to nail a corrupt congressman and solve the heroine's child custody problems.  Hiaasen has his usual fun with Florida's lifestyle and social/environmental problems.  His biting satire may seem too tough, but one has to remember this state's role in Bush v. Gore.  Don't let the infamous film scare you off from this fine book.  There is no Demi Moore in these pages, yet there is plenty of terrific writing.	2001-07-12
The Reigning King of Texas Mysteries	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I've been an admirer of Mr. Riordan's work since his first Tres Navarre book appeared in print four novels ago.  Tres Navarre is a San Antonio PI and English professor, and this current case involves his brother Garrett as the prime suspect in a homicide.  Jimmy Doebler gets murdered a short while after getting divorced from Ruby McBride, one of Garrett's business partners.  Garrett has mortgaged the family ranch to start an Internet company.  In THE DEVIL WENT DOWN TO AUSTIN, Tres has to solve the murder, clear his brother, and save the homestead.  This book is another winner for Rick Riordan.  Read it today.	2001-07-12
Will Become A Classic	As a mystery writer with my debut novel in recent release, I am an admirer of Deborah Crombie.  In A FINER END, Ms. Crombie continues the public and private adventures of Scotland Yard's Duncan Kincaid and Gemma Jones.  As their relationship reaches new levels, they find themselves with a case that mixes contemporary Britain with British history.  A thousand-year-old discovery is uncovered at Glastonbury, one of the mythical burial places of King Arthur.  Ms. Crombie's plot is engrossing, and her characters are fascinating.  A FINER END is a fine read.	2001-07-12
Simply The Best	As a mystery writer making the convention circuit as my debut novel is in initial release, I find that John D. MacDonald's name frequently comes up in discussions with readers and authors.  While Travis McGee is always Travis McGee, I always contend that CINNAMON SKIN is the best work in MacDonald's colorful series.  Meyer's niece is killed and our gentlemen adventurers hunt down the woman's killer.  They end up in the jungles of Mexico, Mayan Country.  That final detail is important, and you have to read the book to find out why.	2001-07-12
Sleeping Lady Soars!	First, let me admit to being biased.  I recently appeared in Alaska as an author at the Left Coast Crime mystery convention that Sue Henry had a major part in arranging.  I also had a room at the Anchorage Hilton with a spectacluar view of the genuine Sleeping Lady.  My view of that mountain was nada compared to Sue Henry's Alex Jensen novel SLEEPING LADY.  Ms. Henry's scenic descriptions are unequaled in contemporary fiction.  She also knows her territory--Alaska--well.  By reading these Alex Jensen books, one learns what our last frontier is all about and what one needs to do to survive in that rugged land.  The plot twisted and turned to the last page, and I felt the mystery was handled excellently.  I am enjoying how Ms. Henry's characters are growing with each book.  All in all, SLEEPING LADY is a terrific novel.  If you've been to Alaska, as I have, you will love it.  If you haven't been to Alaska, you will love it even more (and also add that great state to your travel plans).  I encourage everyone to read Sue Henry's SLEEPING LADY.	2001-07-10
Another Winner from Barr	As a mystery writer whose works take place almost entirely in the American Southwest, I admire the geographic diversity of Nevada Barr's series.  Anna Pigeon has solved murders along the Great Lakes, in the western forests, in New York City, and in several other regions.  In DEEP SOUTH, one can guess where Anna is now assigned.  She's in Mississippi, and she has finally accepted a promotion.  She also finds a dead prom queen.  We know she will struggle to solve this homicide.  The mystery is first-rate, and Ms. Barr continues with her excellent character development.  Her scenic descriptions shine, as does her descriptions of contemporary life in Mississippi.  Terrific book all around.	2001-07-10
Not a Bad Book	As a mystery novelist, I find that reading a wide variety of materials helps enormously in my work.  This book is one I read regularly.  I first read POLITICS OF ARISTOTLE during my college days at Claremont McKenna College.  The political science department insisted on a classical background for its students, and this book was one of the canon.  It impressed me then.  It still impresses me today.  I only wish Aristotle could collect royalties on the books sold.	2001-07-09
Solid Introduction to Mythology	Being a mystery writer, I find that reading a wide variety of materials assists me in my work.  Edith Hamilton's MYTHOLOGY is one of those books I keep close by my desk as I am writing.  In MYTHOLOGY, Ms. Hamilton presents an excellent introduction to the topic you expect.  I've also found that it comes in handy as a reference work.  Excellent book.	2001-07-09
That Fellow Hamilton Was On To Something	As mystery writer, I have found that reading a variety of materials is essential to my work.  THE FEDERALIST PAPERS is one such book I find myself referring to constantly.  I first read the book during my college days at Claremont McKenna College.  I have read it several times since then.  Plenty of wisdom on these pages.	2001-07-09
Great New Series	Last year, when my first mystery novel was in its initial release, I had the honor of making a joint appearance with Taffy Cannon.  GUNS AND ROSES was also in its initial release, and I read this novel in preparation for our appearance.  I felt then, and still feel today, that GUNS AND ROSES marks a remarkable debut for Ms. Cannon's new series.  Roxanne, her travel guide sleuth who happens to be a former cop, is a winner.  Irish Eyes Travel can eventually feature mysteries set anywhere in the world.  In this series debut, Roxanne is confronted with crimes (including murder) as she leads a tour group through colonial sites in Virginia.  I thoroughly enjoyed her story, and I've recommended the book to a number mystery readers groups to whom I've spoken.  I'm quite pleased GUNS AND ROSES has been nominated for a number of awards including Mystery Readers International's Macavity Award for Best Novel.	2001-07-09
A Chinese Take on the Police Procedural	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I have been quite impressed as Qui Xiaolong's DEATH OF A RED HEROINE has swept nominations for every major first novel award in the mystery genre.  It deserves this recognition.  On one level, it is a simple police procedural.  A police detective (who happens to also be a scholar and a poet) is investigating the death of a &quot;model worker.&quot;  While presenting this story, Qui Xiaolong paints a portrait of contemporary China as it and its people are lured into world affairs and a market ecomony.  Fascinating work.	2001-07-09
It's About Time Tess Made Hardcover	As a mystery writer with my first book in its initial release, I genuinely admire Laura Lippman, an author who is clearly at the top of her game.  SUGAR HOUSE is Lippman's first hardcover mystery, and it is a fabulous novel.  Lippman's protagonist, Tess Monaghan, agrees to her father's request and attempts to identify a nameless dead girl whose murderer himself was murdered.  To accomplish this task, Lippman takes us on a tour of the Atlantic coast.  Tess journeys from her usual stomping grounds of Baltimore to Annapolis, Philadelphia, and Maryland's Eastern Shore.  Lippman continues to develop her Tess character, as well as several supporting characters.  SUGAR HOUSE's plot is first-rate, and Lippman's writing is smooth.  It is difficult to believe that it has taken five paperback books for Tess to reach hardcover.  SUGAR HOUSE is a great mystery, and I recommend it highly.	2001-07-06
Superior Sophomore Effort	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I recognize Kate Grilley as an exceptional talent.  Her first mystery, DANCE DANCES TO A REGGAE BEAT, earned a wide variety of awards.  DEATH RIDES AN ILL WIND is a solid #2 mystery.  Kelly Ryan, Grilley's sleuth, runs a radio station on the Caribbean island of St. Chris.  This novel involves the island's effort to weather a hurricane, a woman from Kelly's past, treasure hunting, and, of course, a murder mystery.  It is a most fulfillng read.	2001-07-06
The  Florida State of Crime	As a mystery writer from southern California with my debut novel in initial release, I am constantly amazed by my fellow mystery writers who happen to operate out of Florida.  We all know their names, and now we must add Bob Truluck's name to the list.  In STREET LEVEL, he earns his place on the short list of excellence.  In this debut adventure for his PI, Duncan Sloan is given the job of tracking down a gang of thieves who withdrew a gay millionaire's sperm deposit from a sperm bank and used it to impregnate a woman from a trailer park who is dreaming of a big score from her maternity.  The noirish plot grows wilder from there, and you need to read STREET LEVEL to believe it.  Keep in mind it's set in Florida.  It's a great debut mystery.  I recommend it heartily.	2001-07-06
ONE VIRGIN TOO MANY--ONE CORPSE TOO FEW	As a mystery author with my first novel in initial release, I genuinely admire the works of Lindsey Davis.  In ONE VIRGIN TOO MANY, there is one corpse to few.  Falco, the first-century Roman sleuth in this fine series, returns from his African adventure with the resources to move his family into a more comfortable living environment.  When his brother-in-law stumbles across a body that disappears before it can be identified, it is up to Falco to solve the murder.  With his ironic view of the world and his snappy patter, the emperor's spy proves he is up to the task.  He discovers how the dead man is connected to a six-year-old who is in line to be a vestal virgin.  His dealings with a former vestal virgin nearly costs him his life.  ONE VIRGIN TOO MANY has everything we have grown to expect from the work of Ms. Davis.  Her imperial Roman setting is believable.  Her characters are intriguing.  Her plot is well-paced.  ONE VIRGIN TOO MANY is one of best in the Falco series.  I recommend it heartily.	2001-07-06
Excellent Debut Mystery	Being both a mystery author (with his first novel in initial release) and a professional educator (with over twenty years of experience in a rural high school), I found Denise Swanson's MURDER OF A SMALL-TOWN HONEY satisfying in many ways.  First of all, it introduces a winning amateur sleuth--Skye Denison.  This protagonist is a contemporary every-woman, someone who is doing her best to do well in life on many levels--despite hardsips she encounters.  Secondly, Ms. Swanson provides realistic insights into public education.  She hits that social institution right on the bull's-eye.  Thirdly, her tone and attitude is perfectly suited for the contemporary cozy-type mystery.  Finally, MURDER OF A SMALL-TOWN HONEY has a fabulous mystery plot at its heart.  It is a solid debut of what I hope will be a long line of Scumble River Mysteries.	2001-07-05
No Punches Pulled	As a mystery writer whose works address social themes, I greatly admire this effort by Barbara Hambly.  Her freed slave/sleuth Benjamin January reluctantly agrees to return to Simon Fourchet's plantation to bring an end to the sabotage of the plantation and the reprisals Fourchet and his henchmen are inflicting upon their slaves.  SOLD DOWN THE RIVER is an effective book.  It is a horrifying book.  Ms. Hambly has done her research, and she pulls no punches.  In SOLD DOWN THE RIVER, she clearly presents the horrors slaves endured during that era of American history.  Along the way, she tells a first-class tale centering on a top-notch mystery.	2001-07-05
This Book Started It All	As a mystery author with my first novel in initial release, I must admit to admiring the work of Rex Stout.  His Nero Wolfe series shows us all how a master works.  FER-DE-LANCE was the first book in Stout's lengthy series, and he had all the elements of his series in place when he wrote this excellent mystery.  He combined the softer classic tradition, personified by Nero Wolfe, with the tougher hardboiled tradition, personified by Archie Goodwin.  They work together in this novel to solve this homicide, as they will in dozens of future novels.  His famous list of suspects with their lists of peculiarities are introduced in this novel as are the tensions between Wolfe and Goodwin that will play out for decades.  FER-DE-LANCE is a classic of American mystery fiction.	2001-07-05
THE GREAT GATSBY CALIFORNIA STYLE	As a mystery author with my first novel in initial release, I want to state here that Ross Macdonald's Lew Archer series ruined my life.  It showed me how powerful mystery writing can be and led me to my writing aspirations in this literary field.  BLACK MONEY is among my favorite Macdonald books.  It's an updated version of THE GREAT GATSBY, moved to the southern California coast.  Archer is hired to investigate a young man who arrives in an affluent coastal city presenting himself as an aristocratic Frenchman.  He wins the heart of the most desirable maiden in town, and people are suspicious about this aristocrat's background.  Archer investigates and uncovers to sorry truth about several different people.  BLACK MONEY is an American crime fiction classic.	2001-07-05
DESERT NOIR  MARKS AUSPICIOUS DEBUT	As a desert mystery writer with my first novel having recently been published, I was greatly impressed by Betty Webb's debut mystery.  Set in Scottsdale, it marks the literary birth of Lena Jones--the newest female PI in the long and distinguished line launched by Marcia Muller over two decades ago.  Lena Jones knows little about her personal history--as a small child a bullet erased her memory and landed her in a series of foster homes.  This case, a mystery involving the art world, gives Lena hope she might discover the truth about her actual identity.  It also involves the murder of one of Lena's close friends.  There are plenty of suspects ranging from the victim's husband to artists, family members, and professional rivals.  In addition to the mystery elements, the novel presents a realistic picture of life in modern Arizona ranging from its deep native cultural roots to its contemporary urban sprawl.  All in all, DESERT NOIR marks an impressive and auspicious debut for Betty Webb.	2001-07-04
Floating Girl Soars	As a mystery author who writes novels with a multicultural backdrop, I genuinely admire Sujata Massey's Rei Shimura novels.  As an American of Japanese heritage living in Tokyo, Rei provides unique insights into both cultures.  In FLOATING GIRL, Massey weaves many subplots together while focusing on the Japanese fascination with animation--manga.  A man Rei meets is murdered, and a manga artist may hold the solution to the crime.  With FLOATING GIRL, Massey continues to take giant strides forward as a writer--braving new frontiers in her mystery sub-genre.  FLOATING GIRL is a solid effort, and I recommend it highly.	2001-07-04
Extraordinary Work Worth An Annual Read	Being an author with my first novel, set in a fictionalized Huntington Beach, in current release, I must praise Kem Nunn's TAPPPING THE SOURCE.  I first read it too many years ago upon its initial publication, and I try to re-read it annually.  It captures the environment of Southern California in a way few other works do.  Telling the story of a young man who comes to Huntington Beach in search of his missing sister, the novel becomes a morality play featuring surfers, bikers, and cultists.  The plot takes many unexpected twists and turns.  The characters are memorable.  The setting is dead-on.  Great book.  If you haven't read TAPPING THE SOURCE, do.  Soon.	2001-07-03
Carella and Gang Keep Plugging Away	As a mystery writer with my first book in its initial release, I have been amazed by the works of Evan Hunter/Ed McBain for decades.  He is undeniably prolific, and his works are always of top quality.  THE LAST DANCE proves my points perfectly.  It is McBain's 50th 87th Precinct novel, and all the usual cops are on the scene doing their things.  McBain shows them living their lives and performing their jobs.  THE LAST DANCE is the police procedural at its best.  It's a great novel in a great series.  Ed McBain's work is unbelievable.	2001-07-03
THE INTERIOR--Fabulous FLOWER NET Follow-up	Being the author of mysteries with multicultural backdrops, I am a great admirer of Lisa See's works.  In FLOWER NET, she staked out her territory with a spectacular novel.  In THE INTERIOR, Ms. See solidifies her claim to her territory.  In THE INTERIOR, a few months have gone by since the events in FLOWER NET.  Liu Hulan is sent to a village where an American toy manufacturer runs a sweat shop.  Hulan is given the task of investigating a woman's death.  David Stark arrives in Beijing to head up his law firm's office.  His first task is the acquisition of you can probalby guess what manufacturing operation.  THE INTERIOR is a top-notch mystery with a solid plot.  It also features Hulan and David, with their strong personalities and individual interests/desires.  It is a fascinating book about a fascinating place.  Another winner for Ms. See.	2001-07-02
The Best by Soos	Being a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I have been a great admirer of Troy Soos for years.  I have been reading his Mickey Rawlings novels since the beginning, and I wrote an early critical essay about them that appeared in Mystery Reader's Journal.  Since the publication of that essay, Soos has written two fresh Mickey Rawlings mysteries, and HANGING CURVE is easily the strongest in the entire series.  HANGING CURVE lands Mickey, our journeyman everyman, in St. Louis where he is playing for the Browns and tangling with the KKK.  He's attempting to solve a murder, a lynching, amid the racial turmoil of the Roaring Twenties in America's Midwest.  As always, the mystery elements of these books are terrific.  Another crucial element of these novels is the historical backdrop that Soos paints with his words.  His history is painstakingly researched and utterly accurate.  In HANGING CURVE, Soos presents an era with social problems of which many people may be unaware.  On all levels, HANGING CURVE is the best mystery Troy Soos has written so far.  Great book, whether or not you love baseball (as you should).	2001-07-02
The Launch of a Spectacular Series	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I have noticed Harlan Coben's high profile at every recent mystery convention I have attended as an author.  Coben has been guest of honor, toastmaster, charity auctioneer, and particpant on the most popular author panels.  Coben's rise to the top of the mystery world began with this book--DEAL BREAKER.  It introduces Myron Bolitar, his sports agent protagonist.  DEAL BREAKER also sets the tone for the most successful new series in mystery fiction to commence in recent years.  If you like your mysteries fast-paced and witty, DEAL BREAKER will be for you.  It is a terrific book, and it launched a spectacular series.	2001-07-01
Harlan Coben's Fulfilling Stretch	As a mystery writer with my first novel in its initial release, I have noticed that Harlan Coben has had a mighty high profile at every recent mystery convention I have participated in as an author.  He has been guest honor, toastmaster, charity auctioneer, and participant on the most popular author panels.  His recnt work, TELL NO ONE, perfectly illustrates the reason for this fine author's enormous popularity.  TELL NO ONE, a stand-alone thriller, involves a man named David Beck who has rebuilt his life following the murder of his wife, who also happened to be his childhood sweetheart.  As David continues to attempt to move on from his great personal tragedy, suggestions arise that unanswered questions involving his wife's death can still be answered.  David sets out to answer those questions in this most fulfilling thriller.  TELL NO ONE is a great book, and Harlan Coben proves his literary range stretches far beyond his popular series set-up.  I recommend this book heartily.	2001-07-01
Among the Best SoCal Mysteries	As a southern California mystery writer with his first book in its initial release, I remain greatly impressed by DEVIL IN A BLUE DRESS.  Walter Mosley is one of the major talents in the crime fiction field, and his debut mystery is a terrific book.  Easy Rawlings is a landmark character.  Mosley handles his post-war Los Angeles setting better than any other author I can recall.  This book could have been written by Raymond Chandler had he focused on an African-American protagonist.  This book deals with California themes as well as Ross Macdonald did at his best.  DEVIL IN A BLUE DRESS is a contemporary classic.	2001-06-30
An Unbelievable Debut	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I have had a difficult time believing INNER CITY BLUES is genuinely Paula Woods' debut novel.  It is simply too perfect.  Set against the backdrop of the Los Angeles civil disturbances of the too recent past, Woods creates a perfect heroine for the police procedural of today.  Charlotte Justice is struggling with emotional baggage, yet she is trying to move on with her life.  She suffers from various types of discrimination as an LAPD officer, yet she is dedicated to her work.  In INNER CITY BLUES, Detective Justice is faced with a baffling case mixing her personal past, the murder of her husband, with the racially turbulent situation in Los Angeles following the Rodney King verdict.  Charlotte Justice is a convincing contemporary woman with internal struggles and external challenges.  Ms. Woods captures her setting perfectly, and her plot is swiftly paced.  INNER CITY BLUES is an excellent book, most deserving of the recognition it has received.	2001-06-30
V.I. Warshawski's Impressive Comeback	Being a mystery writer with my first book in its initial release, I fondly recall reading Sara Paretsky's V.I. Warshawski series to see how a star of crime fiction developed one of the top mystery series of our time.  Then, V.I. vanished.  After approximately five years, Paretsky has written a fresh V.I Warshawski mystery, and HARD TIME is as impressive as her earlier works.  V.I. and her supporting cast have aged, and Murray has switched from print to television journalism.  Murray's career evolution indirectly lands V.I. at a celebrity party that launches this adventure.  There is an automobile accident, police abuse of power, corporate corruption, and V.I. standing up to the powers that be.  She lands in prison, and our dog-loving detective uses that opportunity to expose more crimes.  HARD TIME is a fabulous book, capturing Chicago and its environs in a way few other authors do.  I'm thrilled V.I. has returned to the literary scene.	2001-06-30
THE BOTTOMS is Tops	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I was thrilled when THE BOTTOMS won this year's Edgar Award for Best Novel.  It deserves this honor.  THE BOTTOMS will likely be Joe Lansdale's breakthrough work.  It transcends the mystery genre.  It marks fresh ground for Mr. Lansdale.  THE BOTTOMS deals with a series of murders during the depression.  It is told from the perspective of a child who observes his father attempting to solve the serial murders that begin with the murder and multilation of a black prostitute.  The narrator and his brother are the ones who discover this initial victim.  While the mysterious Goat Man plays a significant part in the plot of this mystery, so does the KKK.  The issue of race relations and the value of human life are important themes in this work.  THE BOTTOMS is a terrific novel, and it is most deserving of the honors it has received.	2001-06-29
Among Estleman's Best	As a mystery writer with my first novel in initial release, I fondly recall the hours I spent reading Loren Estleman's Amos Walker series as I learned to write PI fiction.  Amos Walker is a masterful creation, and A SMILE ON THE FACE OF THE TIGER is a masterful work.  In this novel, Walker is hired by a New York publisher to hunt down a paperback mystery writer who will not allow his fifty-year-old classic to be reprinted.  Along the way, Walker discovers the author's reasons and undercovers sordid truths about race relations in America.  Estleman has dealt with Detroit's history thoroughly in past works, and he has also touched upon the interesting literary history of paperback pulp fiction.  Mr. Estleman is at his most effective here in A SMILE ON THE FACE OF THE TIGER.  It is a great book, and I recommend it highly.	2001-06-29
Parnell Hall Has a Style All His Own	As a mystery writer with a book in its initial release, I have long admired Parnell Hall's work because of his unique approach to the mystery genre.  His style and voice are entirely his own.  COZY, his new Stanley Hastings outing, perfectly illustrates what I admire about Hall and his writing.  Hastings and his wife travel to a New Hampshire bed and breakfast where a series of homicides immediately begin to occur.  The local police, in the manner of the long history of cozies, mishandle every clue.  Hastings finds that he must solve the crimes in this well-plotted mystery.  COZY is a solid work by a solid writer who keeps his tone light and his approach, in this book, breezy.  I recommend COZY highly.	2001-06-28
Among the Best of Bernie	Being a mystery writer with my first book in initial publication, I have always been impressed by the diversity of Lawrence Block's talents.  He does it all within (and occasionally without)the mystery genre, and THE BURGLAR IN THE RYE is among Block's best Bernie Rhodenbarr books.  As always in a Bernie book, Block's tone is light and the mystery is fun.  For those who are not yet familiar with Bernie, he is a used book dealer who is known to moonlight as a burglar.  In this adventure, he's hired to steal letters written by a literary recluse before the letters are auctioned.  We all know the literary figure is based on a certain real-life author the moment we see the title of Block's novel.  We also know Bernie will become a murder suspect during the course of the caper.  We know too that the best cop money can buy will be investigating the crimes.  While these elements are obvious from the start, the book remains a fun and light read.  It's a good book, and I recommend it heartily.	2001-06-28
The Dawn of a Great Career	One of my proudest moments as a mystery writer came at Tucson's Left Coast Crime mystery convention when I was given the honor of introducing David Cole to the mystery community.  He was a member of the author panel I was moderating, and his debut mystery, BUTTERFLY LOST, had just been published.  BUTTERFLY LOST features Laura Winslow--a Ritalin-abusing, cyper-hacking, half-Hopi--protagonist.  BUTTERFLY LOST is a remarkable book because, at least to this reader, David Cole gets everything right.  His work with Native American groups has provided him with the thorough cultural knowledge he presents in his book.  Laura's computer expertise is completely convincing.  David Cole knows well of what he writes.  His plot is fast-paced and complex.  He knows the Southwestern turf well.  I cannot remember reading a more impressive debut novel.  David Cole is an amazing talent.	2001-06-28
The Best of the Travis McGee Reincarnations	I first became familiar with Charles Knief's work when we both appeared as authors on the same MEN OF MYSTERY program in Southern California.  I began reading his John Caine adventures, and SILVERSWORD is the most impressive yet.  John Caine is Travis McGee updated for our time.  Caine is a former navy man, living in Hawaii.  Many of the supporting characters could also have been lifted from the classic John D. series.  SILVERSWORD opens with a shooting in San Francisco, and the plot moves swiftly from there.  Caine is wounded in the shooting and finds himself threatened with homicide charges.  The story later shifts home to Hawaii, and the I found the tale thoroughly enjoyable.  SILVERSWORD is a fine work, and I recommend it highly.	2001-06-28
The Marvelous Evolution of Sharon McCone	Being a mystery writer whose first book is in its initial release, I have been fascinated by Marcia Muller's work and her evolving Sharon McCone character since I first began reading this series nearly two decades ago.  Over the course of nearly two dozen books, Muller has allowed Sharon McCone to grow up and mature from a quasi-counter-culture twentysomething woman working as a PI for a nonprofit San Francisco legal clinic into the fortysomething owner of her own private investigation agency.  Muller has pulled off this transformation more convincingly than I have seen in the works of any other mystery author.<br />In LISTEN TO THE SILENCE, Muller adds fresh twists to McCone's background.  Upon the death of her father, McCone discovers why she is the only child in her family who appears to be Shoshone.  The reason is simple and obvious.  She was adopted by the McCones and her birth family's roots rest on a Native American reservation.  McCone's discovery of her adoption launches her on one of her most fascinating investigations.  I found this book engrossing, and I was once more amazed at how Marcia Muller manages to add new facets to one of the classic characters in contemporary mystery fiction.  I recommend this book highly.	2001-06-27
Seven is Heaven with our Favorite Jersey Girl	As a mystery author with a recently published first novel, I have been amazed by Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum series.  Her works have been consistently witty, fast-paced, and unique.  SEVEN UP continues to build upon Evanovich's past accomplishments.  In SEVEN UP, Stephanie is given the job of delivering an elderly cigarette smuggler to court.  As we all know, this set-up will be merely the start of a hilarious tale.  Evanovich does not disappoint.  She has a winning series, and she delivers once again.  You have to in New Jersey.  In SEVEN UP, Evanovich serves up what we have grown to expect with style and humor.  We are also treated to Stephanie's continuing emotional struggles with Morelli, Ranger, and a certain wedding dress.  Great book!  Read it!	2001-06-27
Super Sophomore Effort!	Having appeared on the same Bouchercon World Mystery Convention panel as Ms. Marcuse when our debut novels were in initial release, I eagerly awaited her second novel.  GUILTY MIND is her second mystery, and I found it an extremely good read.  As with her first book, Ms. Marcuse captures the ambiance of the urban lifestyle of New York City.  She also continues developing her protagonist, Anita Servi.  The plot in this work revolves around the murder of her babysitter, a murder in which Anita's husband Benno becomes a suspect.  With questions of Benno's possible infidelity dogging her, Anita, a social worker, investigates the crime and undercovers all sorts of other suspects.  GUILTY MIND is a fabulous second novel.  Irene Marcuse did not suffer from any sophomore jinx while writing it.  I recommend this book highly!	2001-06-27
Solid Urban Noir	As a mystery author with a recently published debut mystery, I am greatly impressed with Russell Atwood's debut novel.  His protagonist, Payton Sherwood, is a fresh creation--a contemporary heir to the noir tradition.  Atwood captures his story's urban environment accurately, and his plot is well-paced.  EAST OF A is a solid urban noir work and a terrific beginning for what I hope will be a long career writing crime fiction for Mr. Atwood.	2001-06-27
Perilously Close to Perfection	One of my proudest days as a mystery writer came last summer when I participated on the same MWA/UCLA program as Sue Grafton.  Several other writers were on that program, and P IS FOR PERIL perfectly demonstrates why we were all so thrilled to have Sue Grafton as our keynote speaker that day.  In her latest Kinsey Millhone novel, Grafton has Kinsey hired by the ex-wife of an elderly doctor who has been missing for a number of weeks.  The physician's current wife thinks he may be dead.  While Kinsey is attempting to uncover the truth about that man's disappearance, peril cuts close to home.  She becomes involved with a pair of twins who most likely murdered their parents.  She discovers the truth about the twins, yet she also discovers she is more seriously entangled with them than she had first imagined.  Grafton's P effort is one of her best.  Her complex plot is swftly paced, and her characters continue ringing true.  It is hard to imagine how Ms. Grafton will surpass this book's quality in her Q Kinsey Millhone mystery.  P is perilously close to perfection.	2001-06-04
Parker's Twist on a Western Legend	Being the author of a recently published mystery novel in which Tombstone's shootout at the O.K. Corral plays a small part, I am very much aware of the complex relationship between western and mystery fiction.  Several leading mystery writers--Loren Estleman, Elmore Leonard, and Bill Pronzini immediately come to mind--also write western fiction.  In GUNMAN'S RHAPSODY, Robert B. Parker takes on the task of writing a western.  He succeeds masterfully in his effort.  With echoes from his Spenser series echoing throughout his story, Parker's Wyatt Earp is a man who adheres to his own strict personal code of what he considers honor.  Once he arrives in Tombstone, he finds himself falling hard for a beautiful showgirl, Josie Marcus.  She's the lover of Johnny Behan, an Earp political rival, and this rivalry eventually leads to the legendary shootout.  All the usual suspects--Doc Holliday, Bat Masterson, and Johnny Ringo--play their parts in the story.  Along the way, Parker presents his interpretation of American society at that point in history.  He presents a largely lawless Tombstone split along Union/Confederate and townfolk/rancher grounds.  He shows people attempting to live their lives as they best can with the values they hold.  I have always enjoyed the Spenser series, and I enjoyed GUNMAN'S RHAPSODY.  I continue to be amazed by Robert B. Parker's writings.  He is a master working at the top of his form.	2001-06-04
STRAKA'S SOARING DEBUT	As the author of a recently published debut mystery, I celebrate Andy Straka's remarkable debut.  A WITNESS ABOVE marks the introduction of Frank Pavlicek.  He is a Virginia private eye with a failed marriage who left the NYPD under questionable circumstances.  He is attempting to build a new life as a private cop.  His passion is falconry, and his hunting bird discovers a dead body.  Evidence indicates a connection between the victim and Frank's teenaged daughter.  The swiftly paced plot never slows from there, and Mr. Staka as written a terrific book.  It is a great debut novel.  I welcome him at the dawn of what will become a great career.	2001-06-03
A THRILLING THRILLER	As the author of a recently published first mystery, I have been an admirer of Ridley Pearson's work for years.  MIDDLE OF NOWHERE is a strong entry in Pearson's popular Lou Boldt series.  A policewoman is assaulted during a blue flue wave, and Lou is determined to discover the identity of Maria Sanchez's attacker.  As Pearson continues the sub-plot strands that have made this series so popular, Lou struggles to solve the Sanchez assault as well as a number of other crimes, leading to additional violence.  MIDDLE OF NOWHERE is a fine book, and I continue to learn much about mystery writing by observing the way Mr. Pearson develops his plot and handles his characters.  MIDDLE OF NOWEHRE is an excellent read.	2001-06-03
A BETTER CLASS OF MYSTERY	Having had the great honor of sitting on the same author panel at the recent Left Coast Crime Mystery Convention as the legendary Joyce Christmas, I made it a point of reading A BETTER CLASS OF MURDER.  In this mystery, Ms. Christmas brings her two series leads--Lady Margaret Priam and Betty Trenka--together for the first time.  By having these ladies join forces, Ms. Christmas creates an adventure that is a thoroughly entertaining read.  Each lady remains consistently in character as they solve a murder involving high-tech computing and the New York social elite.  I enjoyed this book completely, and I recommend it highly.	2001-06-03
NOIR AT ITS DARKEST	When I began making promotional appearances for my first mystery novel, readers wanted to know how to classify my work.  While there were all types of debates about representative authors of other mystery sub-genres, there was no debate at all about the darkest of mystery's contemporary noir writers.  With NEVER COUNT OUT THE DEAD, Boston Teran continues to own the noir writing field.  Telling a tale of haunted and tragic characters, Teran's prose jumps off the page.  His complex plot weaves the present with past and creates a tough story of violence, manipulation, and ruthlessness centering around John Sully and Dee Storey.  If you enjoy the darkest of crime fiction, NEVER COUNT OUT THE DEAD is a book you will love.	2001-06-03
Lupe Solano's Stunning Debut	As a mystery author who writes about the multicultural southern California coast, I've found Carolina Garcia-Aguilera's Lupe Solano series fascinating since I first came in contact with it by way of this debut mystery.  Her works are set in Miami, the Florida equivalent of my multicultural home base.  <br />Garcia-Aguilera's protagonist is Lupe Solano, the daughter of wealthy Cuban exiles.  Her father dreams of sailing his yacht home to his native Cuba following Castro's demise.  One of her sisters is a thoroughly modern nun.  Her other sister is a single mother of two.  Her assistant is her cousin Leonardo, a bodybuilder.  Her lovers are varied and numerous.<br />In BLOODY WATERS, Lupe becomes involved in the search for an illegally adopted child's biological mother.  Garcia-Aguilera's plot takes many twists and turns and becomes one of the most sophisticated first mysteries I have read in years.  It is a terrific book, and I recommend it highly.	2001-05-06
Not Your Parents' British Cozy	Over drinks at the most recent Bouchercon, the World Mystery Convention, a fellow mystery writer with whom I had made several Los Angeles appearances, elbowed me and inquired about the identity of the stunning brunette holding court down the bar.  I explained that the exuberant woman was Lauren Henderson, the creator of Sam Jones.  My friend was not familiar with Ms. Henderson's work so I went on to give him a brief explanation of Lauren Henderson, Sam Jones, and Tart Noir.<br />BLACK RUBBER DRESS marks the literary debut of Sam Jones--Ms. Henderson's sassy and sexy artist/sleuth.  It also marks quite an updating of your traditional British cozy.  Actually, it invents a new sub-genre that has become known as Tart Noir.  Sam Jones is Miss Marple for our time.  She engages in casual sexual and drug use while she winnows a large field of suspects down to the actual killer.  This book is a magnificently fun read.<br />As with all Sam Jones novels, style matters as much as substance.  Sam is a true original in mystery fiction.  She is a strong, hip, and witty protagonist.  Tart Noir is one of the freshest breezes to hit crime fiction in decades, and BLACK RUBBER DRESS is one of the best examples of this sub-genre.	2001-05-06
Sam Jones Does Manhattan	Over drinks at the most recent Bouchercon, the World Mystery Convention,a fellow mystery writer with whom I had made several Los Angeles appearances, elbowed me and inquired about the identity of the stunning brunette holding court down the bar.  I explained the exuberant woman was Lauren Henderson, the creator of Sam Jones.  My friend was not familar with Ms. Henderson's work so I went on to give him a brief explanation of Lauren Henderson, Sam Jones, and Tart Noir.<br />STRAWBERRY TATTOO is a perfect Sam Jones adventure.  It has everything Ms. Henderson's readers have grown to expect from her stylish and sexy protagonist.<br />Sam Jones is invited to New York City as part of a gallery display featuring the works of emerging British artists.  Of course, with Sam Jones on the scene, one knows dead bodies are sure to follow.  Sam, despite her promises to stay out of trouble, investigates the homicide.  As Sam takes on Manhattan, everyone knows Manhattan doesn't stand a chance.<br />As with all Sam Jones novels, style matters as much as substance.  Sam is a true original in mystery fiction.  She is a strong, hip, and witty protagonist.  Tart Noir is one of the freshest breezes to hit crime fiction in decades, and STRAWBERRY TATTOO is one of the best examples of this sub-genre.	2001-05-06
Tom Nolan Strikes Again!	Being a southern California-based mystery writer who has read everything Ross Macdonald wrote several times over, I was thrilled when I first heard about Tom Nolan's new effort.  Nolan's last book was the authoritative biography of Ross Macdonald, creatively entitled ROSS MACDONALD: A BIOGRAPHY.  It won last year's Macavity Award, and it should have swept the other awards.<br />STRANGERS IN TOWN is Nolan's remarkable follow-up to that magnificent biography.  It features three previously unpublished Macdonald short stories.  The stories cast new light on Macdonald, his writings, and the development of his unique talent.  Being well-versed in Macdonld's works made it possible for me to spot numerous parallels between the short stories and Macdonald's Lew Archer books.<br />While I enjoyed reading fresh works by the man I consider the greatest mystery author of all time, my favorite parts of the book were Nolan's lengthy and perceptive introduction to the collection as well as his shorter yet insightful introductions to each story.<br />STRANGERS IN TOWN is among the best books I have read this year.  It provided me with the final inspiration I needed to finish my second mystery novel.  Thank you, Tom Nolan.	2001-05-03
Buchanan's Best	Being a southern California based mystery writer, I am constantly amazed by the output of those mystery writers based in southern Florida.  They deal with a territory similar to ours in many ways, yet their works have twists that distinguish the Florida works from our California mysteries.<br />Edna Buchanan is among the best of the southern Florida mystery writers, and YOU ONLY DIE TWICE is among her best works.  I love this book.  The body of a woman washes up dead, and Britt Montero, ace crime reporter, is off on her latest adventure.  The woman was supposedly murdered ten years before by her wealthy husband.  That man was convicted of the crime and is awaiting execution when his supposed victim rides the tide ashore.<br />All of the usual atypical elements of Buchanan's works are featured here.  The plot moves swiftly and veers in odd directions.  The dialog is crisp, and Miami continues in its spectacular supporting role.  New light is cast on Britt's romantic and family relationships.  This book is perfect!  Bring on the next!	2001-04-29
Contemporary Noir at Its Best	While I was touring for my first mystery novel, many readers compared my work to that of Jeremiah Healy's.  Such comparisons pleased me greatly, and SPIRAL clearly demonstrates what I admire most about Healy's works.<br />John Cuddy is still mourning the death of his love, Nancy Meagher, when an old friend from his Vietnam service calls him on behalf of their wartime commander Nicolas Helides, who is now confined to a wheelchair.  Helides' thirteen-year-old granddaughter was murdered.  The girl's father planned to use his daughter to revitalize his old rock band.  As Cuddy investigates the teengirl's death, he finds himself confronting greed, jealousy, lust, and ambition.  SPIRAL is perhaps the darkest of Healy's Cuddy series, yet, in this mystery writer's opinion, it is one of his best.  It is a magnificent work.  Slide your mouse over to the purchase button and order it today.	2001-04-29
Contemporary Noir at Its Best	While I was touring for my first mystery novel, many readers compared my work to that of Jeremiah Healy's.  Such comparisons pleased me greatly, and SPIRAL clearly demonstrates what I admire most about Healy's works.<br />John Cuddy is still mourning the death of his love, Nancy Meagher, when an old friend from his Vietnam service calls him on behalf of their wartime commander Nicolas Helides, who is now confined to a wheelchair.  Helides' thirteen-year-old granddaughter was murdered.  The girl's father planned to use his daughter to revitalize his old rock band.  As Cuddy investigates the teengirl's death, he finds himself confronting greed, jealousy, lust, and ambition.  SPIRAL is perhaps the darkest of Healy's Cuddy series, yet, in this mystery writer's opinion, it is one of his best.  It is a magnificent work.  Slide your mouse over to the purchase button and order it today.	2001-04-29
Vietnam Lives, Perhaps Forever	As the author of a mystery novel featuring a former politician as a protagonist, I found Tim O'Brien's IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS a fascinating work when I first read it during its initial release.  This week, following the revelations by the former Senator Robert Kerrey of his haunting tale from his service in Vietnam, I read O'Bien's book once more.  IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS survives the test of time.  It remains a brilliant work by one of the giants of contemporary American literature.  The ambiguities involving the disgraced political leader, the disappearance of his wife, and America's role in Southeast Asia continue to resound as powerfully today as when the novel was first written.  It is an excellent book, and I recommend it wholeheartedly.	2001-04-28
SERANELLA'S BEST SO FAR!	Being a debut mystery writer who splits his time between the Palm Springs area and the Southern California Orange Coast, I found myself instantly linked in the minds of many booksellers and book readers with another mystery writer, Barbara Seranella, who splits her time in a similar fashion.  Having been a devoted reader of Munch Mancini since her debut, I was pleased by the comparison.  Having recently read Ms. Seranella's latest novel, UNFINISHED BUSINESS, I couldn't be more pleased.<br />UNFINISHED BUSINESS continues the adventures of Munch Mancini, one of the stronest female protagonists in contemporary mystery fiction.  Munch, automobile mechanic and limousine driver, finds herself entangled in a murder and a rape-torture, and she tries to help her long-time friend Mace St. John investigate the crimes.  Along the way, Munch is threatened and becomes concerned with the safety of her adopted daughter.  She also must sort out her feelings concerning her current romantic interest.<br />UNFINISHED BUSINESS is an excellent book.  Barbara Seranella keeps her plot moving like a speeding locomotive.  She continues developing original characters in unique ways.  She captures in prose the Southern California lifestyle like few other writers working the turf today.<br />I recommend UNFINISHED BUSINESS without any reservations.  I am ecstatic that a geographical coincidence has gotten my work linked to hers.  Read UNFINISHED BUSINESS today!	2001-04-23
Mystic River--A Stand-Out Stand-Alone	As I began my recent book tour promoting my debut mystery novel, members of readers groups to whom I spoke often compared my work to that of Dennis Lehane.  Having been a devoted reader of his Kenzie-Gennaro novels, I was extremely pleased with the comparison.  Now having read MYSTIC RIVER, I couldn't be more pleased.<br />MYSTIC RIVER is a masterpiece.  While MYSTIC RIVER remains noirish like his previous books, this stand-alone novel marks a gigantic leap forward for Lehane's writing career.  This book is the complex and densely-plotted story of three men who knew one another as boys.<br />As a youth, Dave Boyle got into a car while his friends didn't.  Upon his return, he was different and that difference destroyed his friendship with Sean Devine and Jimmy Marcus.  As adults, Sean's a policeman, Jimmy's an ex-con, and Dave's struggling through life.  Their lives are disrupted by the murder of Jimmy's daughter.  Following the homicide, each man must confront a past he is not eager to face.<br />Lehane works his story masterfully, showing once again why he is considered a true master of contemporary noir.  I recommend MYSTIC RIVER highly, and I hope readers keep comparing my work to Lehane's.	2001-04-23
JUSTICE IS DONE	There was an enormous amount of anger among mystery writers when John Shannon's previous publisher dropped him from their list.  We all knew that Shannon was as fine a writer as any of us, and we also knew that Shannon's strongest Jack Liffey novel was next in line for publication.<br />With THE ORANGE CURTAIN, Mr. Shannon proves his previous publisher wrong and his current publisher the luckiest publishing house on the face of the earth.  Shannon has switched publishers, shifted from paperback originals into hardcover, and delivered a masterpiece to the mystery reading community.<br />Jack Liffey, former aerospace worker, continues his new career of hunting missing children.  While his formerly comfortable life is gone, Liffey continues to hold onto his innate humanity.  This humanity is one of the ingredients I enjoy most about this series.<br />In THE ORANGE CURTAIN, Liffey's task is to locate Phuong Minh, a Vietnamese bookseller's daughter.  During his search, Liffey finds himself tangling with gang violence, corrupt politics, and the ethnic tranformation of contemporary Southern California.  Little Saigon exists in Orange County because of America's Southeast Asian adventure and echoes of that war from a third of a century ago reverberate throughout this novel.  During the course of his story, Shannon delivers explosive action, social observations, and humor as he builds to a magnificent climax.<br />As a mystery writer who deals with similar themes in similar Orange County settings, I can vouch for the fact that John Shannon has mastered his material.  He has gotten it right.  THE ORANGE CURTAIN will likely be his breakthrough book.  Shannon deserves it.  His readers deserve it.  Justice is done.	2001-04-14
Silent Joe--Parker's Best	Last summer when his previous novel, RED LIGHT, was in its initial release, I had the rare honor of appearing on the same Round Table West luncheon program in Newport Beach as T. Jefferson Parker.  As the author of a recently published mystery set in Orange County, I had the privilege of speaking to our Balboa Bay Club audience immediately before Mr. Parker.  During my talk, I stated that Jeff Parker is the author who has taught all the rest of us Orange County mystery writers how to write about our unique region of Southern California.<br />SILENT JOE continues to prove my point.  It is a marvelously complex mystery that is Parker's strongest book to date.  It will move him securely into the major league of crime fiction writers with the likes of Sue Grafton, Robert Crais, Sara Paretsky, and Robert B. Parker.  In its complexity, it even reminds me of the works of the genre's immortals such as Hammett, Chandler, and Macdonald.<br />Joe Trona was scarred for life by an acid attack at the hands of his biological father.  He is adopted and nurtured by Will Trona, a local politico.  When Joe grows up, he aspires to a career in law enforcement.  He works in the Orange County jail and moonlights as driver/bodyguard for Will Trona.  Will Trona is murdered.  Joe wants to avenge the murder of the man who contributed the most to the person he has become.  During his investigation, Silent Joe finds himself entangled in the kidnapping of a tycoon's daughter, the murder of two Latino immigrants, and a political corruption scheme.  He uncovers long-bured secrets involving Will and himself.<br />SILENT JOE is an extraordinary work by an extraordinary author.  With every book he writes, Jeff Parker continues to show the rest of us Orange County mystery writers how to write about Orange County.  Parker's best!	2001-04-13
Red Light is Another Parker Bright Light	Last summer when RED LIGHT was in its original hardcover release, I had the rare honor of appearing on the same luncheon program with T. Jefferson Parker at a Round Table West event at Newport Beach's Balboa Bay Club.  As the author of a recently published mystery novel set in Orange County, I had the privilege of speaking to the audience immediately before Mr. Parker.  During my talk, I stated that Jeff Parker is the author who, through his writings, has taught all the rest of us Orange County mystery writers how to write about that unique region of Southern California.<br />I believe Parker's RED LIGHT proves my point perfectly.  While continuing the story of Merci Rayborn, first introduced in Parker's BLUE HOUR, this novel captures the essence of the Orange County social milieu excellently.  While spinning a tale involving Merci's inner struggles as she continues to mourn the death of her former partner and father of her child, raise that child, and build a romantic relationship with a fellow officer, Parker manages to show his readers what it is like to live in the Orange County of today while reminding those same readers about life in Orange County during those years not too long ago when the county was dominated by political extremism.<br />In RED LIGHT, Merci is confronted by the murder of a young prostitute.  Her current boyfriend may be involved in that murder.  The murder may also be linked to a similar murder of a prostitute back in the sixties.  A number of people important to Merci may be connected to that previous homicide.  Merci has to discover the truth and decide how to react to that truth.<br />RED LIGHT is an extraordinary work by an extraordinary writer.  It fully deserves all the recognition it has received, including its recent EDGAR nomination.  With every book he writes, Jeff Parker continues to show the rest of us Orange County mystery writers how to write about Orange County.  Great book!	2001-04-11
Spenser Stays Fresh and Keeps Getting Better!	As an author of a recently published mystery, I genuinely admire the work of Robert B. Parker.  After nearly thirty Spenser books in as many years, Parker's Spenser series remains consistently fresh, and, in Potshot, it gets even better.  In this latest novel, Spenser is Spenser, with his  unique style, wit, and attitude.  He is hired by a lovely widow and sets his sights on cleaning up an Arizona town.  To accomplish his goal, Spenser enlists the help of a number of supporting characters from recent books.  Parker's sidekick concept is a stroke of brilliance by a master of the mystery genre.  Potshot has everything that his readers have grown to expect from Spenser and then some.  Parker and Spenser keep walking the walk and talking the talk.  Fast plot.  Clever quips.  Social observations.  Well-researched ambience.  I hope my work can remain as solid as Mr. Parker's after my next thirty books!	2001-03-19
Hillerman Hits Another Bull's Eye	Tony Hillerman, the prolific author of the Leaphorn/Chee series, hits another bull's eye with Hunting Badger.  I believe this novel is one of his strongest in recent years.  As always, Hillerman captures the essence of the multicultural American Southwest with its ongoing blending of cultures. He also presents the cultural depth of the indigenous cultures that reach back to before recorded history.  The plot involves the robbery of a tribal casino and the events that stem from that crime.  The legendary Joe Leaphorn, bored in retirement, is drawn into the investigation as Jim Chee finds himself involved in investigating the case.  All the expected characters appear in the novel, and Hillerman does an excellent job of allowing these characters to continue to grow even after so many books stretching over so many years.  Leaphorn is adjusting to his new life, sans his job and his late wife.  Chee is putting his latest romantic disappointment behind him.  Both men are experiencing fresh romances in their lives, and their friendship begins to reach new levels.  As he allows character, plot, and theme to play out, Hillerman tells a fabulous story.  Hunting Badger should not be missed.  It is one of Tony Hillerman's finest.	2001-02-04
Lorie Ham's Winning Debut	Lorie Ham's debut novel, MURDER IN FOUR PART HARMONY, is a definite winner.  Set in the world of gospel music, this mystery involves the efforts of Alex Walters to solve a murder in which a former lover is implicated.  As the fast-paced story unfolds, Ms. Ham creates utterly believable characters and a heroine we can root for.  The importance of Alex's faith to the story's complexity and the colorful backdrop of the gospel music world give this mystery fresh twists.  MURDER IN FOUR PART HARMONY is an enjoyable read that I wholeheartedly recommend.	2000-11-06
