MJ is a True GANGSTA Props to Da Kang of Pop	Props to Adrian Grant for this Book. Elvis,Sinatra&the Beatles I got there albums&they were alright,but MJ Built the House Known as Pop Music. nobody else has taken Pop Music where he has. the Brother always makes Me Proud.growing up in the Hood from Gary Indiana to Becoming the King of Pop.the Man is a One Man Industry.Owns those Catelogs,Masters&is the Most Influential Artist over the past 30 years easily.Every Artist over the past 30 years is in Debt to this Man's Musical Genius&Vision.this is a Tight Book&takes you back.He is the Artist that got me interested in Music more than anyone else.truth be told:the Brother is Vastly Underrated IMO.He deserves far more due for the doors He Broke down.	2005-09-18
Shaq is Da King&this is a Great Book	I really enjoyed this Book all the way.Shaq is the Greatest Player IMO.Wilt Chamberlin is right there.Magic Johnson,Oscar Robertson should all be higher as well.I enjoyed the debates&Comparrisons in this Book. I enjoy reading Elliott Kalb's Takes.a great read&the truth about the King of the Court SHAQ. CAN YOU  DIG  IT????????????	2005-08-15
a Great Book:RIP to Mr.Johnson	I bought this Book way back in 1992.I always Admired Mr.John H.Johnson for all that He overcame&also for providing Ebony&Jet into my early childhood all the to the present. what He overcame&what He Accomplsihed is truly incredible. He created magazines that spoke&gave Black America a Fair shake at the Newsstand&also showed our world in a up-lifting light. John H.Johnson is a true Pioneer who trail-blazed so much for the better.RIP&this is a Must have Book.	2005-08-15
good read in a "Sex in the city" kind of way	reading this Book reminded me of watching a episode of \\"sex in the city\\". this Book is  a Light-Hearted read that will entertain you&also it has things that you have heard being mentioned before. it's a Good read.	2005-07-31
Very Entertaining	you need a Big Ole coffee table for this Book with the two Discs. the New Yorker is a interesting Magazine. the Cartoons make you think. there is a Elitist element involved with the drawings&Writing.still it's a worthwhile journey through the History of this Magazine. the Cartoons have always been interesting to say the least.80 years worth that is mind-blowing.	2005-07-31
interesting,sad&Manipulative	Karrine Steffans has a Sad story to share along with being interesting,but in the end it has alot of Maniplative elements at work here as well. the Names in all forms  of Entertainment are what sell the Book.Steffans is seen as a Sad figure but I don't ever feel sorry for her.I feel sad for Her childhood,but certain things that she allowed to go down don't bring any Sympathy from me.Hit&Miss Book.	2005-07-31
tight Book	the Barber Shop is the true Black CNN. go there&no matter what the topic you gonna get a Answer. you are gonna hear some of the Best Jokes&story Tellers that will have you ribs hurting. the Barber Shop is a School all unto itself.I ain't even got into the styles the Barbers will hook your Dome up with.everybody has there Favorite Barber as well.Sports,Music,Politics,Society issues,Enviroment Issues,Relationships,etc....  you get it all there&More.	2005-06-26
a Good Book	Charles Barkley is One of the Most Entertaining&Interesting Personalitys in not only in Sports but also on TV.I always enjoy His takes on TNN with Ernie Johnson&Kenny the Jet Smith. together With Washington Post&Pardon the Interruptions Michael Wilbon. I feel Charles Barkley has the right idea.Race is the Greatest Diease on the Planet&It needs to Be talked about far more until something happens that folks feels divides them.it's Ironic that Charles barkley has Ice Cube in this Book,because there was a time they were linked as being two of the Most Feared Black Men on the Planet because they Both spoke about what they felt. a very on point&Timely book.	2005-06-26
Powerful Book	Medger Evers was truly a Pioneer of Change. He died far too young at only age 37. this Book traces His speeches,writings&Letters at about bringing changes.He was One of the Most Important figures during the Civil Rights Movement.Much Respect to His Widow Myrlie Evers-Williams for sharing these Important Documents of History that speak of a Ugly chapter in America.this is a Must Read Book&Have Book.very Educational&a Book that reflects a time period that wasn't that long ago.	2005-06-26
Good Book&Props to Brother Michael Eric Dyson	I've always Been a Huge Fan of Brother Michael Eric Dyson.He is One of the Greatest Writers Ever to Me Personally.I dig How He Threads the Past to the Present&then gives you a Future vibe,but Yet makes it all work as if it all happen today.Bill Cosby is One of the Greatest Entertainers Ever period.for a Black Man to have His Longevity for as Long as He has&still Inspire something new in all Mediums speaks highly of the Cat.but Bill Cosby like alot of folks have selective memory on things.what He Objects to nowadays wasn't the Cosby from that 1969 Playboy Interview, the Cosby of those Classic Movies with Sydney Pottier.in fact in those 70's Movies with Pottier cosby was a Hustler,&Macking big time.much of what he diss's Today He was doing back in the day.and Fat Albert&The Gang was fun,but also played on many of the same things he likes to knock nowadays.70's Afro Era Cosby was more Kool-aid than Jello.but in the 80's He Morphed into a Smoothed Out Cat&Made the Cosby Show the Top Rated Show on NBC.it's always for folks to Speak on Matters when they have Access to so much than the Average,but instead of getting on a SoapBox go back to the Hood&do something.Cosby Works out in Hollywood&the Hollywood System loves to highlight the Hood&profit off it.that in itself is a Contradiction on his part because the very same place that He makes His Living always thrives through keeping Stereotypes alive.Martin Lawrence said it best about Bill Cosby: cosby had dissed Lawrence's Martin Show,but Lawrence said about Cosby:Quote Mr.Dad the Peacock of NBC still didn't give you Ownership of the Network despite bringing them alot of Bucks.what Bill Cosby fails to also See is that the same Folk He Bashes they have been some of His Biggest supporters.everybody has Contributed to His Wallet&that is something He should never forget.	2005-06-26
Great Book&the world Owes Him Big time	this Book is very Detailed&the world Owes Michael Jackson as does the Media a Big saying they are Sorry.He is One o fthe Greatest Musicians Ever. He has Broken down many barriers.Michael Jackson is a Civil Rights leader&Strogn Pressence that will never be denied.almost 40 year career.He is the King of Pop&this Book goes into many areas acknowledging His Genius&timeless Musical Qualitys.	2005-06-19
Horrible&very Loaded	MICHAEL JACKSON WON Clean Sweep!!!!!!!!!!!! the end of Nancy Grace&Her Hateful show&ways. you have to be Objective when you present news.now on the Personal Front I feel for Nancy Grace with the loss of Her Fiance,but the way she presents the news&the Loaded negative Bias that she has shown over the years I can't relate to Her at all.She is very heavy-Handed&Narrow Minded.this Book shows that side of Her&it's not good.for a very Nice Looking woman&A Smart Person:to Quote Fred G.Sanford She is One Big Dummy.	2005-06-19
Just Like Tom Sneddon:Bob Jones got Swept	always a Axe to grind&you can bet cash money that dude thought it was lights out for MJ upon writing this Book,but a funny thing Happen:NOT GUILTY all the way across the Board. so just how Tom Sneddon got Swept that is what Bob Jones is feeling now.MJ doesn't unload folks unless there is a strong reason.yeah the Book tells some interesting tells but How come you gotta wait until you think it's gonna be Lights up to Man up&Put this Book out? MJ ain't ran from nothing.Stacy Brown is also shady as well.get the Broom Out because all got SWEPT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	2005-06-19
Great Book on Ole Blue Eyes	Frank Sinatra was a Man of many faces,but He had a Persona about Him that you would never soon forget.I've read so many books about him&this One truly captures another side of him.nothing changes my mind of Him as a Artist because I always say that you have to seperate the person from there craft they are two totally different beings.Sinatra is One of the Music Worlds Greatest Treasures period. Sinatra did His thing as He wanted to.like He sang\\"My Way\\"&He never strayed from that&You can always respect a stand up Cat.very interesting reading&Details.	2005-05-22
you gotta keep your Lady happy	the Ultimate Service with a smile because if you don't then there might be another pit stop to get it from. this Book is very detailed&gives all the right directions.scented candles,the right music,fresh smells in the air&everything else will be alright. a Must read.	2005-05-15
just Ok	I think Jill scott is Talented but much like Her Music this Poetry book is so predictable. nothing ever changes with her.funny how most songwriters Poetry Books are just average&this is the latest in that Line to me.	2005-04-24
a must have Book for a Baseball fan	Mel Allen truly made Baseball must see TV just for His Signature voice alone. I grew up watching this week in baseball which was always a Saturday must no matter what was going on.this Book also explores the hardship&various things that Mel Allen went through in his early Journey. He truly is one of the Spirits of Baseball as we know it.a Very Detailed Book that pays tribute to One of the Greatest voices in Sports History.	2005-04-17
a really Good Book	for any fan or person interested about the Tv show Dallas then this Book has alot of interesting facts&takes from season to season.you get a good season of how things were going on with the cast from this Book. this is One of my  all time favorite shows&Every Friday Night back in the day was about what JR Ewing was up to.	2005-04-10
Props to the King of the Courtroom	While the Justice system is still very bias when it comes to Race,I hate to think where it would be without Johnnie Cochran&His greatness in representing&His fight for Justice. He truly was a Strong Black Man who didn't back down&Made sure His presence was felt.not since Thurgood Marshall has a Black Man been such a force on the courts&truly made a difference that is timeless.RIP to MR.Johnnie	2005-04-03
Classic Book	I dig Elliott Kalb's Books big time. His Basketball Book was on point&This Baseball Book is another Winner. Barry Bonds is the Greatest Ever to me as well.Josh Gibson was so ahead of his time it ain't even funny. I enjoy how Elliott Kalb breaks things down&he makes you look at all the possiblitys.He is a very gifted writer&I dig how He challenges you on players.	2005-03-22
slammin Book	Giada be Slammin in the Kitchen Big time. She has madd Skilss&Flavor. She is quick but also neat&understands balance&spice. She is also a Foxy Lady Fo SHO!! She gives me alot of ideas at mixing foods&adding spices&things. you can't go wrong with this Book if you is gonna be making the best possible Italian food in your Pad.	2005-03-14
a must have book	RIp to Max Schmeling, who truly was a Class Act. His fights with Joe Louis were Legendary. He stood&Fought but also was a very respectful man who gave back&this Book goes a long way in detailing the many ways He impacted so many.a Must read.	2005-03-06
Great Book&A Must at all Schools	we are talking less than a Hundred Years ago which wasn't that long ago at all.we are only talking about almost 70 years back.it's scary to think that two of the Greatest Athletes Ever were treated so badly stateside. Joe Louis was a Great Champion& he did everything to distance himself from another Great Black Champion Jack Johnson because of the Politics&Hatered that went down.and the sad part Joe Louis still never was accepted. same thing with Jesse Owens.this brother won Medals&Faced Hitler face to face&didn't  back down.but Being the Best still only meant 2nd Class Citizenship in America.it's truly sad&they aren't ever given enough due now as we speak about the Greatest Atheletes Ever. personally what Jesse Owens accomplished in the face of Hate with Hitler was right there with Jackie Robinson&Larry Dolby breaking the Color Line in Baseball IMO. Joe Louis the Brown Bomber was one of a kind as well. just remember this wasn't that long ago.	2005-03-06
very good book	just got through reading this book&it fully challenges you&goes into so many different directions.it's a Book about a Cat who has it all,but also could be on the verge of losing it all&the choices He makes will determine his outcome. a very good read.	2005-03-06
Very Compelling Book	this Book truly captures the spirit of the times&the various relationships of a Woman coming into Her own. very Compelling&Detail that just covers so much base.the language,tone&Feel of this Book takes to you a whole different time period that truly was under a watchful eye of detail&perspective.One of those Books that has you hooked from start to finish.	2005-03-06
aside from the Snitching I give Jose Dap	I gotta take points from Jose Canseco for the Snitching,but everything else is on point. the Racist ways of Sports&Society nobody can deny that fact. the Politics involved&the way things are done&Dealt with. Jose is a trip.I don't care about what cats put in there system because Baseball has always been spotty.from the Segragation days until Jackie Robinson&Larry Dolby broke the Color Line in the game. the Spit Ball.everybody knows that Gaylord Perry&other Cats Scuffed the Ball&did whatever to get over.Cork bats&whatnot.it's always been anything goes as long as you don't get caught. everybody knew what was going on within the game.Bud Selig knew what was happening.it's for the short term for a long term solution.the Long Ball sells.Chicks dig the Long ball&The Long Ball keeps the Seats filled. I bet if Canseco got to 500 Home runs&got into the hall of Fame I doubt this book drops as soon as it did.I Think Jose was a Borderline Hall of Famer.had He had the Drive then he would have made it.I ain't madd at Him.as for taking Roids:hey the Man who Owns the Team only cares about Winning&you gotta do what you gotta do at all costs.as long as you don't hurt your ownself then anything goes.Tony Larusa knew what was going on&now He wants to talk double talk. ain't nothing new here it's just that the cat is out of the bag.but after a while it will be the same ole same ole.my only knock is the Snitchign factor.but in terms of everything else Jose was on point.the Game ain't changed that much or the Club mind set.	2005-02-20
Very compelling Book	One of the Books that upon reading it you feel like you are going into a whole different area&you feel what the writer is getting at. very Compelling&makes you see things fully.this Book will challenge you mentally.	2005-02-06
Good Book but a step off	the Book&story was on Point,but the Writer came up a bit short. Sugar Ray Robinson is One of the Greatest fighters ever. you can Name anyone in any Weight class&His Name deserves to be mentioned alongside anyone. alot of Good details&whatnot in the Book but the Writer is missing a beat here that keeps this Book from being Great. still worth reading.	2005-02-06
a Must read	fredrick Douglass was a Ground Breaking Pioneer who wanted to better himself. He truly overcame so much in such a short time to overcome the harsh Realitys of slavery.He taught Himself to read. RIP to Ossie Davis who always was a champion of Black History. a good start to the New reader of Fredrick Douglass.	2005-02-06
Hit&Miss decent but not the same	back in 1992 I was Hyped about having this book. but since that time Roling stone Music Reviews just don't mean the same to me as they once did. also this book is missing quite a few things. it's still cool to read&see what some of the Best Msuic Writers have to say on certain Artists&there Albums over the Years,but unlike back in 92 the feeling&vibe just ain't quite the same for me.	2005-02-06
Classic Book	the Buffalo Bills are my team no matter what.even through 4 Super Bowl Loses they will always be the Best football team to me. I'll always tell anyone that OJ Simpson is still the Greatest Buffalo Bill Ever. Props to Jack Kemp. the Electric Company. Jim Kelly,Thurman Thomas,Jerry Butler,Joe Ferguson,Marv Leavy,Eric Moulds,Bruce Smith,Darryl Talley,Andre Reed,Steve Tasker,Of Course the Owner Ralph Wilson. Willis Mcgee got a chance to join the Legends of Bills football.we will be back next year.this Book along with the \\"Shout! newspaper are a must for any Bills Fan.all Props&Daps to all Buffalo Bills Fans&Players&personal associated with the team.	2005-01-22
Huge fan of the Godfather	and this Book  comes more direct than His previous Book. when I saw this book i had to get it.James Brown is Arguably the Most Influential Artist over the past 50 years.I Mean He is probably the only cat from head to Toe that other People have emulated.be it His Moves,His Mannerisms on stage, the way He presented himself. there is Only one James Brown&this Book does a Great job of balancing His incredible Journey.He is One of the Mount Rushmore's of Modern Music&culture as we know it.	2005-01-22
Very Good Book	very detailed Book&very descriptive from start to finish. you get a overview that truly goes from all eras&also stats.it's always fun to debate&compare different eras&Lineups. I always enjoy reading books such as these when talking about Pro Ball.	2005-01-17
Emeril is the Truth in the Kitchen	don't go many days without peeping out Emeril doing His Magic in the Kitchen.the Man got skills for days.a tight funky Band&the way he blends His food is always on point.this Book is another example of why the Man is the Best at His Craft.	2005-01-09
a real good Book	I give Her Madd Dap on Being able to strech the Loot.She is also a Foxy Mama.She makes sure she gets the most out of  Her money.you have to read Her Book to understand how to get the most for the price.she  never gets short-changed.	2005-01-09
tight Book	very Versatile Book on Veggie's.often Books just have a few things here&there but Props to Rachael Ray for being very detailed&Offering alot of versatile options in this Book.	2005-01-09
really good book	makes me think of the Color Purple&Has a strong intensity that just grips you from start to finish. the kind of family business that you hear that is not to leave the room or the house. Nancy Weaver just maintains a edge In her Writing that leaves you feeling the details&making you relate to what is going down. a Very Good Read.you can feel the realness of this Book hitting you as you turn the pages.	2004-12-23
very good book	talk about a Book Of poems that deal with so much about the daily Grind of Life with all the Ups&Downs&Everything in between? this Book captures so many emotions&vibes.a Very Good writer with so many deep heart felt words that truly strike a chord.	2004-11-29
Very real&Direct	this Boook takes you directly to the Caribean& shows you another side of life that is often not talked about.the writer is very Good at story-telling&Pacing of the book. very well doen from start to finish. you will feel moved&relate to the People in the Book. a must read.	2004-11-25
a Soul searching Book	the kind of Book that draws you in from start to finish. you learn lessons about Life&your Own Being. you learn about forgiveness&the Importance of finding the Human element. a strong soul Searching Book that will Move you&truly touch your soul.	2004-11-21
very detailed Book	strong observations,detail&Entertaining. this Book speaks on Business Principals&ways of reaching goals. no matter what the time period or technilogical advances these Principals still are the golden rule. a Must have Book&read.	2004-11-21
very Compelling Book	this is the kind of book that takes you into so many areas.the fact&fiction the Bridge&the road. you never know quite what to expect next&that is the power of a strogn writer keeping you guessing&wondering what shall go down next.the Book isn't long&Is very direct&to the Point which another strong point.it works&keeps you turning page after page&you still want to go back&read because it has that strength.a must read&full of Adventure.	2004-11-21
ok	Alicia Keys still ain't fully moved me as a artist on a whole.so reading the Lyrics in Poem Form doesn't sway me that much at all.much Like Jewel did with her Book of Poems something seems kinda emypt upon reading them all.they are ok but not a Book I want sitting on My Coffee Table.	2004-11-14
only in Hollywood	this Book is a trip but then again watching the Lakers&following them all of these years what else would you expect? all kinds of Drama on&Off the Court.I bet some of the Actors&Actress,Directors,etc... went to the old Forum&Now Staples to get some script ideas from.Greed,Sex,Drama,heroic performances,battle for Control&Power,etc.. this Book takes you directly there&More.what a Cast these Lakers have always been? the Book will keep your interest.	2004-11-07
pretty good&Interesting	Tatum O'neal is a interresting personality. this Book explores alot of the different dramas she went through.from her father&Everyone else she Encountered on Her upbringing&whatnot. this Book takes on many interesting issues&you still don't quite know what will eventually happen at the end of the day. it leaves you feeling many different things.	2004-11-07
Incredible	Wilt Chamberlin is a Incredible Talent in any sport&in any era.the Man forever changed the game. He is One of sports Mount Rushmore. Wilt&Shaq are my two all time favorite Players ever.Wilt though just was on a whole different level.truly a one of a kind force&Talent.this book deals with the many ways He Dominated the League.not only was he Strong,but He was a very athletic force Period.to be real he should be the NBA Logo when you think about His Impact&How He will always Loom over so many Players through the test of time with the NBA.	2004-11-07
Good Read	the thing that always stood out to me is what if this had have been Jordan's whole career? Imagine no Pippen or Phil Jackson,Horace Grant,Dennis Rodman to enhance His Skills&Depth as a Player? Jordan's Career in DC as a Player was Hit&Miss at best.He had some Great moments, but He also dealt with Reality such as Father time,making some suspect Moves for Players&also a interesting choice for a Coach in Doug Collins who pretty much was seen as Jordan's Puppet&treated as such by other players.the Book didn't shed much light apart from what I had already gathered about what the glaring problems were. a Good friend of Mine said it best abotu Jordan's time in DC: He was basically getting with Buddys&wanted to have fun as to Winning or improving anything.I wish Kobe Bryant had have taken heed to what Michael Jordan went through those two years in DC with the Wizards because that could happen to Him as well with playing with so-so Talent&Undersized Mentally&Physically. this is a Good read though.	2004-11-07
pretty good but not anything new	if you have followed the Lakers as I have over the years then you saw all of this coming.as Great as Kobe is,He just doesn't understand the Team concept&that unwillingness to  get that element of the game is what will keep Him from Being the Greatest Ever.He has all the Tools as a Player. now Shaq already has it,but the distractions&other elements made Him frustrated&rightfully so. already knew that Point about Devon George.that Guy could&should Be Something else but He just ain't motivated.Karl Malone was cool as was D-Fish&Rick Fox.the Pistons deserved to win,but if the Lakers had anything left after all of what was going down then the Lakers would have easily won that Series.if we weren't in the Internet Era then this Book would be truly a Must read. Phil Jackson is still the Best Coch in any Sport right now Period.I Mean to do what he has done for as long is Incredible Period.	2004-10-31
very interesting book	this book right off the bat had me thinking of Enron&other companys that got a bit greedy for there own good&when there is no balance&the Quest is all out there for Power&Grand wealth. I applaud how this Book tackles the Inner workings of Corperations&whatnot.it asks to balance Spirituality&have a Certain Upright Code within a business.very interesting book.	2004-10-24
a good book	good book on Superheros coming together to battle evil&Bring Unity.this Book is about Good versus Evil. it's a Good Book.	2004-10-03
a really Good Book	this is the Kind of Book that feels like a Movie with so much suspense&Drama that you can't leave your seat awaiting what shall come next.Gerald Clarke does a very good job building up tension&Drama throughout this book.you can't predict what shall happen next that is the mark of a strong writer.	2004-10-03
Very Intense	upon reading this Book i was feeling the many shifts&twists it took. some books hit you early&then venture off after a while but not this Book page after page it becomes a Jaw Dropping expeirence.a Must read&Very intense.	2004-09-26
Power,Power,Power	reading a Book about the Highs&Lows of Being Greedy&Ruthless oh that always makes for a Great read&this Book is no different. John Eidemak brings a Must have read on  the Rise&Fall of a Cat that lived high on the Hog&when he fell He fell hard as well. takes you all through His Journey. timeless Book.	2004-09-26
very well written Book	a must have for any Hoop Fan of the NBA. very detailed&full of Information. I enjoy all the details&never get tired of reading on the Nba&it's history. a must have.	2004-09-26
very detailed	Goldmine is to Music like what sports Card Magazines are to there Sports.very detail&tell you what to look for&how certain covers or records are more valuable than others.I've always dug Goldmine&this along with other collections from them is a must have.	2004-09-19
an Institution like MTV	ESPN is to Sports Highlights like what MTV is to Music Video no matter how we feel overall. there are things about Espn like MTV from it's Hey day past that I will always dig,but I also have kinda tired of there commericalism ways that has watered down there network over time. it's had It's Highs&Lows over the years but regardless of where you stand with it you always watch it.	2004-09-19
Very strong Book	in light with current affairs&the state of the world today this Book truly seems even more powerful&timely. you will be Compelled&feel the intensity of all that is going down.the writing keeps you glued to every detail that is coming.a Must read.	2004-09-19
Give it up for the Skins	this Book is a Must have for any Drummer period but especially for R&B Jams&Grooves. very insightful&you can feel the Music as you read the various details.this is the Kind of Book that should be the springboard for all Musicians in terms of Highlighten a particular Instrument. you feel the Joy&Passion within this Book.	2004-09-19
a special Player	can't say enough about Ichiro. He is already a Superstar Baseball Player&the scary part He is just getting started.this Book details His upbringing,His family Life&of course His Playing career. you get a really good insight to Him but believe Me there are still many more chapters left to His Great playing career that haven't been made yet.	2004-09-19
a good Book	makes for a interesting read&how certain songs are selected at making the cut.I always enjoy Books that make you debate topics especially when it comes to Music.	2004-09-19
what a team&time?	though I'm a Yankee fan that Met team from 86 was something else&they should have been a Dynasty with all of the Talent they had. Doc Gooden should have been the Bob Gibson of His Era. just as Darryl Strawberry should have been where Barry Bonds is now.but so many side trips&things turned things upside down. just the way they beat the Boston Redsox's showed you that nothing would be normal for this bunch.but they never stopped believing in themselves.Mookie wilson,Ray Knight,Gary Carter,Keith hernandez,etc.. all came through in a big way.what a time period for baseball that was?	2004-09-06
Cool  Joe	before Joe Montana,&Now Tom Brandy had Quarterback cool there was Joe Namath. He truly was something else. operating on the Biggest stage in Pro sports in New York. His Guarented win against the Baltimore Colts is still the Ultimate Upset in Team sports.He had it all.very Gifted Athlete&also He was a Cat that people vibed with. a Winner all the way around the Horn.there have Been Ups&Down with Him in His Post Career but the Joe Namath I elect to reflect on was always cool&always a Winner.	2004-09-06
Very Much on Point	I always read the strips&this Book covers so much&speaks volumes on current events&themes. it would be so cool to Have Aaron Mcgruder&Michael Moore to colab on a Documentary Project. imagine the two Creative visions coming together? I always get to different takes on various subject matters&Points.once you start reading you can't stop.	2004-09-04
Good Book	another interesting Book with so many topics being mentioned&they are blended well here.the cover alone sold me on the Book. seeing Black Folks on Dollar signs always gets me.I still dig how I watched a Brian Hooks film where He had a Aretha Franklin Bill. Moments like that will always get a laugh out of me&also make me take notice. this Book explores so many Political&other areas of everyday life&Pop Culture. very well put together.	2004-09-04
very compelling book	this Book takes on a pressence from the word jump&you just become wrapped into it.a Young Lady Named Emily is the center piece&Her journey in life has already been a Battle add on that her Relationship with Her Grandfather. so many twists&turns here but a very Good Story that has so many up hill climbs&Battles. a Good Book.	2004-09-04
cool&Hip	I dig His Fresh take on expressing himself with His Poems. they have a cool rhyme to them. you can tell the Man has been through alot&has made it. I dig the energy&Overall vibe to this Book of Poems.	2004-09-04
very on Point Book	Music related Industry Books always move me alot. this Book is no Exception to the rule.very detailed about the Politics.and you get hints at various Isms. selling you on a Dream but who is gonna cash the long term check? very well written&very direct&to the point.the book leaves no street unturned&takes it's own path.Black Artemis is the truth Fo SHO!!!!!	2004-09-04
alot of suspense	Jack Allen is the kind of writer that keeps you locked in from start to finish. the kind of Book that keeps you on the edge of your seat from the first page to the last page. a really good Book with mystery.	2004-08-29
cool sheet Music,but I also wanted more	I was hoping for a full book&things.EWF Is One of My All-Time Favorite Musical Acts Ever&I was hoping for more than getig Sheet Music.but that ain't all bad either but still I wanted something along the lines of the Booklet that i got from there 1992 Box set.Oh well hopefully one day a Proper Book on them Uncut will come.	2004-08-15
The Greatest Baseball Player Ever	the Yankees are my Team,but Barry Bonds is the Greatest Baseball Player that I have Ever seen.two things I always keep up with during baseball season: first how my Yankees did&then how Barry Bonds is doing.this is another cool Book about the Baddest Player in the game.a easy read but also on Point about the Greatest.	2004-08-15
Great Book	back in the day I use to watch her show&notice certain techniques she would employ in the Kitchen when she was working up a dish or just the way she went about Making a Meal.long before Food Network&other folks came along with there skills in the Kitchen there was Julia Child She had a warm&Inviting manner at presenting Meals.RIP	2004-08-15
Space Moutain! WOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!	Ric Flair was a big part of my youth no doubt.Me&My Homesboys thought we were the Four Horseman.we didn't need a JJ Dillon though.Ric with those Slaps&On Pint remarks back in the day were Classic.He just had that Larger than Life Personna&Swagger that Made Him Cool back in the day.His Matches were Classics.there were quite a Few Imitators but there will ever be One \\"NATURE BOY\\" Ric Flair will always be the Man in the Wrestling Ring.this Book has some Hit&Miss Moments no doubt but Ric's Legacy&the great times in reflecting on that rise above certain things.it's a Must for a Flair Fan.	2004-08-15
RIP to the Funk King	hearing about Rick's Death just blew me away. he was from the same howtown of Buffalo,NY as myself&I use to follow His career. the Brother was Funky&still to this day His songs are Sampled,Looped&parts are taken left&right.He was cool but also Down to earth. I dug How the Brother spoke His Mind. there aren't many people like that today especially in Showbusiness.as a Musician He was a Blend of many Musical stews.His Genius never got it's full due.MTv&Other spots tried to silence Him in alot of ways,but you couldn't keep the Brother down.this Book deals with His Material&also a overview of His Career.Rick gave so much back&meant so much to so many.RIP to a Bad Soul Brother!	2004-08-08
still the Ultimate Music Producer	Quincy Jones is still the Man when it comes to Producers.He has worked with the Cream of the croup over the years. but how He got there is even more amazing.the brother truly had to deal with alot of isms&still broke down barriers.His Mind for Creativity&channeling what works is still incredible after all of this time.this Book shows that no matter how tough&seemingly with not alot of hope insight that if you believe you can reach your goals that anything is possible.	2004-08-01
A Classic Book	this is one of those Books that you can't put down. you find yourself caught up in it&also with all the twists&turns you just don't have any idea how things shall end up.it truly captures the Mystery&pacing factory all at once. One of those Books that once you start reading it that you can't put down.	2004-07-25
Hit&Miss Book	there are things that I enjoyed about the Book such as the Spritual Journey reached,but the title&the way certain thing didn't flow as I'd hope they would throughout the book left me lost in spots.still it's a Interesting Book that makes you think&go over details.I guess you end up making up your own mind where you stand on it in the end.	2004-07-10
really good book	if you want action,money,etc.. this book provides it all.anything goes&Yet you are wonder what might happen next in certain parts of the Book.this is the Kind of Book that if Donald Trump was a Film Director He would try to create&Make.the Rich&The Powerful always make a Good Read at any cost.	2004-07-04
The Genius of Brando deserves Better	while this Book has some good intentions it doesn't reach the true Depth of the Genius that Marlon Brando was.the Book never fully reaches where it attempts to go.	2004-07-04
Bill is a Cool Cat,but nothng new here	Bill Clinton is still One of the coolest Cats on the Planet,but in terms of learning anything new or different it's pretty much the same ole same but with a Bulky Book.the Charm,Persona,vibe is all there but the Book doesn't take you anywhere really different than you have been with Him already.	2004-06-27
Classic	Blue Note Records not only released Classic Albums but also had Classic Album Covers that covered so much more.the Book displays the many images&stylings.if you get a chance watch the special on Blue Note Records which goes into full depth about the Music,Artists,Owners of the Label&those Classic album covers. enjoy.	2004-06-20
very detailed Book	there have been quite a few Recordings&Artists who have made Country Music.this Book fully details Albums,Songs,artists,backgrounds&overall stylings within the music itself. there are so many forms&Off shoots of country Music.it's a Styling all unto itself&this Book explores that&so much more.	2004-06-20
Truly one of the Deepest Cats	i always dig the way the Brother writes be it in this Book or when He is talking about things that happen back in the day or today.he has a way of tying things as one&making His point.this Book brings the flavor&Realness on the subject matter from start to finish.	2004-06-19
Pretty Good Book	I dig whenever Todd Boyd is on a Project because He has a way with words.this Book puts alot into Perspective&Bridges many a gap.I was hoping for more Pulling together of Hip-Hop with the NBA a bit more but overall this Book makes for a Pretty Good read.	2004-06-19
One of the Best Books on Boxing Ever	this was where you truly could appreciate the Greatness of Ralph Wiley.He knew His Boxing&the way He broke down each subject matter is Classic.Boxing has had many Fighters but you know the Guys that you still debate&talk about many years later.Great takes on Ali,HitMan hearns,Sugar Ray Leonard,Mike Tyson&Everyone else mentioned.A Knockout of a Book from start to finish.	2004-06-19
RIP To a Very Talented Brother	over the years I've Agreed&Disagreed with certain things Brother Wiley said but despite where I may have come down on certain things one thing never changed: the Brother was Bad with His.He made you think&Look.you had to question things&you had to Wonder the what if's.this Book continues in that vain of making you ponder the subject matters.another Good Book.RIP He left us way to soon but his words are will always be with us.	2004-06-19
very enjoyable Book	I always enjoy reading what other Players have to say about Other Players through out time&also who they personally feel are the Greats of the game&all the details involved.this Book is a Must for any Hoops fan from start to finish it's very detailed.cool Photos&Moments that you will never forget if you follow the game like myself.	2004-06-12
interesting Book on the Modern Day Musical Genius	this Book would have been even better if it didn't talk about R.kelly's Personal life so much in spots.but you take the good with the Bad with Every thing.still considering His Impact on Popular Music hard to believe this is only the first Main Book on Him.the Book takes parts from various sources&ties them together.nevertheless it has it's moments especially when you consider all the Brother has overcome.no Matter what I'll always champion the Musical Genius of this Cat because He is the real deal.hopefully there will be a Book that speaks on his Work solely in the Future.but this is pretty good when it focuse's on the most Important element of R.kelly:the Musician.	2004-06-12
A Special Player	He truly is a special Talent.this Guy is always up for any challenge&just gets better with time.I truyl feel when it's all said&DONE HE Will be the Greatest Ever.He already plays with the Greatest in Shaq but time will tell where Kobe will finish.but right Now He truly is on a Mission.	2004-06-12
A Rock Solid Read	Reading about Sammy Davis Jr is always a Must for me.the Man was not only a Multi-Talented Person but also a Soul Brother who had to deal with alot of Obstacles not that long ago.He held His own in the Rat Pack.He dealt with Racisim&Other forces working against Him&still made folks respect His hard Work as a Entertainer.the Author Wil Haygood explores so much&Brings many elements into the life of Sammy Davis Jr.very detailed book from start to finish.	2004-06-06
A Toast to the voice of the Lakers	Chick Hearn truly was one of a kind Broadcaster.He had a way of presenting the game&also vibing with the players. there is nobody else quite like Him. I feel His spirit is watching over the Lakers.D-Fish's Shot in San Antonio or Kareem Rush hitting those Big 3's in  Game 6 versus the Timberwolves.He touched many lives with His take on the game&overall vibe.RIP to a Great Talent&down to earth Man.	2004-06-06
On point	very creative&on point from start to finish.very well re-searched&full of depth.the kind of Book that you wish that if people were doing other Pop culture books on subjects that you wish they would use this book as a Blue-Print for it.Highly enjoyable.	2004-05-31
very complete book	very well done book about Sam Cooke&His Progressions on Piano,Vocals&Guitar.you can see the way He went about putting His songs together&the structuring progress.Sam Cooke is truly One of the Greatest Musical Talents that has Ever graced the world with Music Making&Creativity.	2004-05-31
Much Props to Melvin Van Peebles for opening doors	the Book&the Movie are both Ground-breaking&reading or hearing Melvin Van Peebles describe all He went through to see His Creations made speaks even more volumes.also I want to give Dap to His Son Mario for His New Movie about His Father's Pioneering ways&what He dealt with to get His voice heard.	2004-05-31
A Knockout Book	truly a winning book from start to finish that brings alot of Humor to alot of serious Matter going down.the Movie Wallstreet  ain't even covering as many bases as this Book does&that Movie is tight to me.this Book deals with various themes&they all work together as one.you can't stop tripping out at the many views that are brought up.a must read.	2004-05-31
a Strong Book on FS	this is One of those Books that if you dig Frank SInatra as I do that you can't put down from start to finish.you get a complete overview of How He worked in the studio&the many sessions he did.Frank Sinatra was a very Prolific&Productive Man.you all the details about Arrangers&Producers,etc.. involved on the Many Recordings that went down.this Book Brings it for the Chairman of the Board.	2004-05-30
Hit&Miss	nothing new here.I think Kim Dulaney is a Talented Writer but this Book has to many cliches to it.everybody who reads the Book knows who the main subject is.now had she went into a different direction&had a fuller take with the Book then this Book would have been more interesting.	2004-05-30
funny&On point from start to finish	this is the kind of Book where you find yourself nodding your head going yep I can relate to that or this.the book deals with family Life&structure in a very real sense but also find Humor in details that come along.this is a Trip Out Book but Highly Well Written&also Makes you Laugh&Nod that you can totally relate.Much Props to the Author.	2004-05-23
really cool Book	One of the kind of Suspense Books that locks you in off the word jump&you can't put it down because you don't want to Miss what is gonna happen next.the Author gets Dap from me for being so Versatile&maintaining a Pace that never slows down.highly enjoyable&top notch from start to finish.	2004-05-23
a really good Book	I never get tired of List Books when it comes to Music.because you can debate any&everything&still be right.when it comes to MC's debates can go on&on&this Book will stir many a debate but is very well written&covers the basics for where Cats rank&why.very detailed,interesting&Brings so elements that can have you looking&listening to an Artist diferently because of Presentation alone.	2004-05-02
Hit&Miss	I dig myself some TV Land but this Book picks different episodes&things that I feel are alright&some others that I prefer but there isn't a fair overall balance displayed within this book.	2004-05-02
Props to Brother Dyson	this Book truly captures the Genius&complexites that were Marvin Gaye.hard for me to believe it's been 20 years since His death.it seems just like yesterday.this Book touches on all aspects of Marvin Gaye&adds so much more in terms of detail&depth.this is a Must read&it keeps you reading all the way through.a Must Have.	2004-04-05
very detail book	this book is very fundemental&brings so many great things out from start to finish. it makes you reflect on so many things&teaches so many lessons along the way.I really enjoyed this book a great deal.	2004-03-29
a great book	no place Rio&this Book captures all the coolness&Fun that is Rio.very detailed&breaks down various cool spots.a very fun&on point book.enjoy.	2004-03-29
very compelling Book	Biggie was something else as a Artist&as a Brother trying to make His Mark in the World.he got caught up in alot of unwanted tension&whatnot.this Book does a Great job at breaking Down his Music&Creativity,His Inner circle&everything else that made Him click.vry Compelling Book that covers Him really well from start to finish.	2004-03-08
on point	this are the kind of Books that I can't ever put down.Imagine a Label with Mick Jagger,Bruce Springsteen,Bob Dylan,Barbara Streisand&Michael Jackson? I mean you have so stories with so many Important Artists who have shaped&changed Pop culture as we know it.Walter Yentikoff helped blow Up Sony then CBS/Columbia Records into a Power House. He doesn't hide His own Shortcomings&He isn't afraid to admit anything.very detailed&Honest Book.I enjoy reading Books on the Industry a Great deal&things all connect to a handful of Folks &Yentikoff is one of those folks.	2004-03-08
My childHood Writer Hero	this Man's Genius as a Writer is out of this World still. I use to Break my Neck back in the day to Read Brother Steven Ivory's Black Beat columns&Pieces.I bought a Book He wrote on Prince back in the day&also His Pieces on the Jacksons&Countless Other Album Liner Notes&whatnot. this Book tackles all elements of Relationships&Leaves no door unturned. He has a Way with Words that so few will ever get or ever fully understand.His words&story-telling are Music to My Ears still.His sense of Rhythm&Timing are still classic.this Book adds to the Man's Legacy.Props on another Job Well Done.	2004-02-18
an Interesting Read	if anyone could fully speak on Bob Marley than it's only fitting it's His Mother&this Book gives an interesting take on the Career&Life of Bob Marley from His Mother.very much to the point.	2004-02-08
Fantastic Book	this Book goes straight to the Matter&that is the Genius of Bob Marley as a Lyricist.Marley truly made you feel his words&you understood how He was Feeling as a Black Man&How He viewed the World&It's surroundings. He touched a Nerve on so many issues&the Wrtings are broken down so well by Kwame Dawes.it's Great to Get a Book on Bob Marley from a Black perspective.the Man's words meant so much back in the day&still do.	2004-02-08
Dr.Phil ain't got nothing  on Bruce Lee	Bruce Lee was always some one that I always Looked up to. He truly had a strong Vibe about Himself&the way he worded things&Put things into Perspective is still very Uplifiting to Me.He was a Very Intelligent Man&a strong Philosopher. this Book truly is Great for self-Esteem&Finding Inner Peace. a Must read.	2004-01-26
Touchdown!!	always Been a AFc Fan first&foremost&this Book talks about the Ground Breaking american Conference&the many Players&Folks that Made it&ending up merging with the NFL.as a Buffalo Bills Fan Ralph Wilson had alot to do with the Ground Breaking of the AFL as did Lamar Hunt&of Course Broadway Joe Namith&OJ Simpson amongest others. a Great Read for Football Fans.	2004-01-19
a trip out Book	George Jacobs talks about Frank Sinatra&there is alot of trip out Material.you get the Rat pack stories&Other stories about the Kennedys&also Other folks.you wouldn't expect anything differently when you talking about Frank Sinatra.He Lived Life to the Fullest&didn't care what anyone thought.a Good Read&a Trip.	2004-01-19
A Strong Book	the Characters alone keep you on the edge of your seat&the changes are truly very detailed&so Well Written.Lori Anderson is a Very Creative&Detailed Writer&I can't wait for more Books.this is the kind of Book that you just can't put down&it draws you in&Holds you.	2004-01-19
really Good Book	I've always Been a Fan of Taveras&this Book takes you down the road on there Highs&Lows along with the way things go in the Industry. this is a Cool book that stays on Point through out.	2004-01-11
the Ultimate Team Champion	I'm a Huge Laker Fan&always Brag&speak when talk comes for the All-time Greatest I say Wilt,Magic,Kareem&Shaq take your pick.but I do think alot of Bill Russell&the Man was the Ultimate Team champion.He was so Ground-Breaking on so many levels&thsi Book points this out&more. a Great reflection&also speaks alot about the time Period&the Many Obstacles that Bill Russell had to endure.	2004-01-11
a Reality TV Star&critic	He fits for the Fast-Fodd Mentality of Reality TV&Stars Created seemingly overnight.this Book is flat&just pushes out the same junk that He talks on TV.I don't mind someone knocking the lack of Legit acts out in different areas of Entertainment but this cat is closer to something you might find on WWF than talking purely about Entertainment that is Legit.	2004-01-11
Great Book on a True Queen	Bessie smith was Hip-Hop before it had a name.She was a One Woman Business&went through so Much.not only One of the Greatest Artists Ever but also a Woman who battled&did Her thing Her own way. Her music still knocks me out&she had a edge about Herself.this Book is very detailed&does her Justice&covers so much. a Must read&have.	2004-01-11
a Good Read	Pete Rose should be in the Hall of Fame&One of the Many reasons why Baseball is so Tired&Behind the NFL these days is there Old Ideas&Ways of thinking.The hall has alot of shady Cats who got in&Many are in back when the MLB didn't allow Black baseball Players to Play in the League. anyway back to Rose:Hall of Famer Yes: another job as a Manager:Naw. but He is due for what He brought to the Game as a Player.He is One of those Guys that Ate&Lived Baseball.	2004-01-11
Great read&very detailed	this book is very detailed&a must for the Die-hard football Fan. very informative&does it's job on all teams&what laid ahead for the past year.	2004-01-05
a Strong Read	David Thompson was Awesome Back in the day.Imagine DR.J,Jordan,Kobe&Vince Carter&with Madd Hoops that was David Thompson. if the NBA of Today was Allowed Back in the day then David Thompson would Be talked about the same way Lebron James&Kobe are today.same goes with DR J. this Book tackles His Whole Career from college,ABA&NBA&also Off the court.David Thompson is One of the Most Gifted Atheletes that I Ever saw as well.Props to Him always.	2004-01-01
Fantastic	the Big O is One of the Greatest Talents in any sport Period. Wilt Chamberlin is to Me the Greatest Player in the NBA  Ever but I could Put the BIG O right there with Him.He was unstoppable&One of the Game's true Ground-Breakers.in His Book He pulls no punches&Brings it here. He is a very down to Earth Soul brother&a Class act. He should Be running a Team in the NBA or something that showcases just How Important He was&is to the Game.Fantastic Book&strong read.	2004-01-01
Great Read	this is a Must have Book for any Fan of the NBA.this Book talks about all of the Great Knicks&is truly Great to reflect on.those Great Knicks Days seems so long ago but they really weren't that long ago.Clyde the Glide,Earl The Pearl through the Present.	2004-01-01
good book	this book is very detailed&breaks things done about the industry&how to approach ways at being down.very complete&a solid Read all the way through.	2004-01-01
solid read	props to \\"CHOCOLATE THUNDER\\" for telling it like it is from the Hood to the HARDWOOD. the way the League Portrays things you would believe in things Being all colorLess&whatnot.but this Book Breaks things down&Puts alot of things into Perspective.I enjoyed reading things&also it took me back.	2004-01-01
I'm Proud of my Cousin for overcoming so many demons	I Know every day is a Battle but I know Lawrence Taylor will overcome any obstacle He has to.I got a chance to Meet Him back in the mid to late 80's&was so excited to Meet my Cousin.we are double related on My Father's side of the family.I went to Lawrence's Parents Home in WilliamsBurg,Va in August of 85 on a friday night to Meet His Parents&Him.I found out we were related 20 years ago around this time of the year.the Giants beat the Lions on thanksgiving&Lawrence had a 97 yard fumble recovery for a touchdown.I always kept up with Him even when the Giants went against my Buffalo Bills.but this Book truly will touch you on so many levels.the NFL is like any other Operation&Business&there is so much that goes down but the Powers that Be only want to present a certain Image in a Game that is Life&death.I Applaud His Strength&toughness at battling His Addictions head on.He is a tough Cat&I'm So Proud of Him.this Book isn't just about LT the Player but also about Lawrence Taylor the Man&what He overcame&also a Important tool for Younger Athleltes&people in general dealing with Peer Pressure&the Hustle&Bustle of Life&the curves it throws your way.	2003-12-01
a Great read	nothing like reading about some of the biggest Songs&the Storys behind them.in fact even songs you might not agree with being Number 1 just reading the storys on them is very entertaining in itself.Fred Bronson does a Great Job.	2003-11-02
it takes you to School on Songs that made Billboard Charts	the most detailed read on so many artists&there impact on the charts.it covers Artists from A-Z&everything else in between.a very fun kind of read for folks like myself that just love Music.and also great to understand the changes with Charting&also how songs got as far they did&whatnot.a Great Read.	2003-11-02
R&B done Proper here	for anyone that truly wants to learn&know the Past,Present&in between History of R&B Songs&there impact on the Charts&elsewhere then this is the place to start.very detailed&so much to learn&digest.great reading on B-Sides&a full cover on so many Great Talents that have Moved me through out my Lifetime.Fantastic.	2003-11-02
on point	this Book doesn't back down or shy away from various topics&Covers Players,Coaches,etc.. really well.the NFL is the Pasttime Sport of now.	2003-10-18
Very Compelling	Sammy Davis Jr is One of The Greatest All-Around Entertainers the world has ever known period.He battled so many demons&Issues.Race,Sex&Class&Still found a way to Succeed against all odds.this Book pulls no punches&takes you on this Man's Journey&the Many Obstacles He faced during His Long&Compelling Career.	2003-10-12
a Great Read	there is nothing like reading how a Great Album was Created especially from a Song by Song take.reading the details how the basic elements of the songs came together&how the Instrumentation&Arrangements came into view for different tracks.Brian Wilson is truly of the Greatest Pop Music Forces Ever.a Great read.	2003-10-12
straight to the Point	one thing about Chaka Khan is that She doesn't pull any punches about any subject matter&comes at you very direct.that is why I was looking forward to this book.it covers alot of bases&is Good.	2003-10-04
pretty good but missing	the out-line of the Book seems promising&this Book should be a book to have ASAP but it come sup short&doesn't cover enough Artists.it takes a early exit out for Greatest Hits Packages.I dig the Concept but the Book comes up a bit short.	2003-09-27
On Point	the kind of Book with Edge that keeps me interested from the time I open it until I'm finished reading it.this Book pulls no punches&just brings it.a Must Read&the Book takes you directly to what is going down.	2003-09-21
direct&straight to the point	alot of Books try to paint a certain Picture about the Mafia but this Book just comes at you directly&doesn't miss a beat.you get the 411 on who did what when&where&How.if you are interested on Mafia Culture&whatnot then this is the Book for you.	2003-09-14
a Must	the kind of Book that never lets up&just keeps bringing the heat non-stop.once you start reading it&get into it you can't stop.from the time I opened it I couldn't put it down.it was a real thriller that just had so much adventure&what I truly enjoyed the Book too many a risk&left nothing for chance.the mark of a Winning Book from start to Finish.	2003-08-22
Pretty Good	this Book Covers a certain time period of Albums&offers a pretty Good take on Artists,Groups that shaped some of the best music we have heard through a certain Period.it's a interesting read on certain Acts.some things I agree with&some I don't but overall it's a interesting read.	2003-08-18
very interesting	I heard about this Book&thought i'd peep it out.I didn't have any Books from before&also I enjoyed Da Vinci's work this book will keep your interest&has alot of interesting takes on the Man&whatnot.	2003-07-28
Great Book	for a NBA Fan like myself this Book truly captures many images past&present.nobody better to introduce the style of the Nba than the Great Walt \\"Clyde\\" Frazier.cool quotes&more important a first hand view of what is going on the court.a Must have&Very much will swish all Net.	2003-05-14
Cracks Me Up&Is On Point	what I dig about Mo'Nique is that you always get the real deal with her.She doesn't front or fake the funk.She comes correct on Her thoughts&feelings.She is a Very Warm&Down To Earth Sister&She is a Nice Looking Lady.Hollywood&The World in general Need More folks on the Real like MO'Nique.	2003-05-09
alot of gloss little substance	this book like the show has some talented folks but overall it's all about the stars as to really acknowledging the best talent.I give props to the shows founder because that is One of the Smartest Tv Moves.but like the show this Book doesn't go into much detail.	2003-05-04
knocks it out the box	Guy Cozzi knocks it out the box with this very informative book on what to do look for when buying a House&things that must be on point when you want your House.I had the pleasure of reading this book&was moved by the details&things were said in a way that everyone could relate to.very classy on Mr.Cozzi's Part with all of His details&helpful tips.a must have.	2003-05-02
really cool exchanges	this Book has alot of Cool Quotes,Interviews&takes on things from different Artists&makes for a Fun Read.there is nothing like hearing different Musicians reflect on things.	2003-04-28
average but at least the Guy wrote on Prince	to be honest there are only a handful of Books on Prince that are even halfway interesting.I give the Author Props for taking the time to write on a Cat that while is a Musical Genius,Legend&One of the Greatest Artists in Studio&Live of All-Time, has also for quite a while been a Has-Been&Hit-Less.if it wasn't for the fact that Prince can still Hang with anyone Live on Stage He would be basically Be written off.this Book doesn't balance Prince the Artists enough&His work as it does digging into Prince's Life&whatnot.nothing new here.I give the Author Props for writing on Prince because unlike 20-15&even 10 Years back I don't see the long line to get a Book out on Him.I agree with the title from the Commerical Prime&Peak Situation&also everybody who blows up also takes a dive with a New Genration&Era of Musicial Ears.Prince these days is in the same boat as Michael Jackson minus the Issues even though MJ can still Pull some Hits&Hit with a Album but Image has taken a Major beating&also these Cats played a different brand of the Music Game.but anyway at least somebody still cares to write on Prince? I still dig His Old Stuff&always will.the Best Book on Prince though is Per Nilsen's \\"DMSR\\" the first Decade 78-88 when prince truly Mattered&reached His full Music Zenith for Me&My Ears.	2003-04-13
Good read	Before Shaq became the truly unstoppable Force He is now&has been for the past few years He was New on the NBA Scene&dealing with the Highest level of play&going through changes as a Player&whatnot.this book is a friendly reminder of How far He has truly come&He is One of the Greatest Players Ever&still has a chance to Be Proclaimed the Greatest Ever if He keeps Winning titles&stays Healthy.Shaq is a One of a Kind Dynamic Force in the NBA Today.	2003-04-09
Very Uplifting Book	this Book tells the Story of the Rise of \\"Da Kang Of Modern R&B\\" He has overcome alot.the Man has left a Mark on the music world that despite whatever goes down you gotta tip your Cap to His Work as a Artist.very uplifting book.	2003-04-08
interesting Book	one thing about David Ruffin He makes a Interesting Read to Go along with His Great Talent as a Musical Artist.this Book takes on so many aspects of Him&His Career&How He dealt with things.the Book goes into many directions but keeps your interest.	2003-04-03
A Real Good Start on Malcolm X's Life	if you haven't read Malcolm X's Autobio with Alex Hailey then this is a Must read to starting out with His work.this Book goes over different details of His Life,upbringing&outlook on the world at the time.a Real Good Book on a Very Important&Influential American Figure that Forever Changed the Way History would be mentioned&go Down.	2003-03-18
Good Book	I'd given Wells more Props if He hadn't backed away from How He truly felt.this Book gives a inside Glimpse into the Baddest Baseball Team&it's Players.David Wells is just what Sports needs&any form of Entertainment because to many Folks are standing in front of the Camera Saying what they think other people want to hear as to being themselves&I give Wells Props for that.I don't always agree with Him but I respect Him for calling the Game like He sees it.I just wish He would have stayed within the Count He was Bringing off the Mound.	2003-03-18
A ... Book	read this Book at a local Book Store&thought wow another Journalist went to school to write trashy pieces on Michael Jackson?this Book like alot of the other Negative slant you read on MJ is truly meant for the trash cans.a quick cash in is what is allowed of a Great Artist like Michael Jackson&that truly is wrong in my eyes.things have gotten way overblown.	2003-03-12
A Good Book on Mr.October	Reggie Jackson in His Prime was like Dion Sanders,Barry Bonds&Shaq all rolled into One.He was unstoppable when it was money time&He truly was a one of a kind Personality.wherever He went He was a Winner.Reggie was something else.this is a good book that spotlights one of Baseball's Greatest's Talents Ever.	2003-03-12
Good Book	I really enjoyed this Book&enjoyed the thoughts that Joe DiMaggio was feeling on various topics through the years.this Book does a real good of that.I find all Books on Joe to Be interesting.He was One of the Greatest Baseball Players Ever&A Interesting Person off the Field as well.	2003-03-04
fairly weak	considering the Subject matter i expected more details than some things that were long ago known.this Book feels more like a copy&Paste.Donna Summer is a Foxy lady&Has Made some Very Important Music&this Book doesn't capture that at all for me.looking for Her Book later this year.	2003-02-24
cool to remember	it's really Cool remembering Greatness in it's early stages.Kobe Bryant has gotten better&better with each passing season&you are seeing a Guy that is truly gonna Leave His Mark on the Game before His Day is done.Kobe Bryant Is one of the Baddest Players in the League Today&The Guy is a Champion&He had a Dream at being the Best He could&the scary part we haven't even got to His Prime&Peak.Stay Tune for Number #8.	2003-02-23
The Man is Deep	He is truly One of the Greatest Writers that I have Ever Read on.Brother Dyson has a way with words&bringing so much Groove in His Presentation.I truly applaud the way He tackles so many subjects&never misses a beat.He is a Deep Cat&always someone you have to Read a Couple of times to fully Digest His Knowledge&Wide Scope of things going on.	2003-02-15
fairly basic	this book didn't add anything into Barry Manilow's Career.it stopped at a certain point&was stuck there.it has some interesting blurbs but overall very tabloid in a lot of ways to me.it only goes to the Early 80's with Barry.He needs a new Book on His Career especailly after His Monster Year of 2002.	2003-02-04
a Strogn Book	I really enjoyed reading on Zora Neale Hurston. Valerie Boyd did a Great job capturing Her Work&Being in this Book.a very top notch taking Here by Valerie Boyd.this Book takes you a journey.	2003-02-03
very Real	I couldn't put this Book down it dealt with so many subjects&Challenged the Reader into thinking of so thoughts within the Context of Race&class.I Applaud the Author for the Direct Honesty&letting everything hang out&Open.it's a strong testimony of Her Overcoming&dealing with the Cards She was dealt with in Life&finding Her place&Voice in this Society.	2003-02-02
Good Book	I always enjoy reading Books on Larry Bird.He is truly one of the Greatest Basketball Players that I have ever seen play.His Mind for Play&detail is showcased rather well here.	2003-01-29
must have as a fan&Musician	this is a cool Book that gives a overview within the structuring of many the Bee Gee's songs.you can see the Paino Parts&Hooks&bridges too various tracks they did over the years.I've always dug there Rhythm&Timing on there tracks.they understood Hooks really well.and one of the things they don't get enough credit for is being able too Groove during the Disco Era when many acts were just pushing Buttons these Cats could strip down the Groove.	2003-01-22
one of the few Honest REF's	I'm not crazy about most Pro Ref's in any sport but Jerry Markbreit is one of the few that I always respected the way He called a game.nothing out of the ordinary  when He was ref of a Game or a big game.I enjoyed the way He takes you too the field.	2003-01-20
very on time book	Nelson George is one of My Favorite Writers&He has a way with words&conecting so much together.He brings a strong fusion too His work.I enjoyed the essays so much&the way He broke down era's,styles&overall entertainment.get a copy if you can.	2003-01-20
I dug this Book	Dave Marsh is a Good Writer too me.be it I agree with Him or not I respect the perspective He comes with because you can tell by His writing He truly cares about Which Artists&Acts He is talking about.He is a very detailed Writer&has fun doing His job.I've followed His work for Years.this is a tight Book with different takes&things involved within it.	2003-01-20
strong Book	Nelson George does a Great job of showing through the history of FIlm How African-American Actors&Actress's are portrayed.the power of Image in front&behind the camera is on display here.very detailed of how African-American Image's translate from head too toe with audience's.this book holds nothing back.Nelson George brings another Winner here.	2003-01-20
Hit&Miss	the title alone makes the book more interesting than what comes out overall.while the Book offers some interestign details on certain topics like alot of other readers too much time is spent on Diana Ross&Not enough on the music itself.still it has some moments.	2003-01-20
I dug this Book	Dave Marsh is a Good Writer too me.be it I agree with Him or not I respect the perspective He comes with because you can tell by His writing He truly cares about Which Artists&Acts He is talking about.He is a very detailed Writer&has fun doing His job.I've followed His work for Years.this is a tight Book with different takes&things involved within it.	2003-01-20
Must Have	this Book reflects so much to me overall.Buck O'Neil is a special figure in any sport too me.He is somebody that whenever He is on tv I have too stop what I'm doing&listen.this Book is the same way for me.so many great stories&reflections of what He went through&all of the Great Players He played with&against is mentioned here.listening too Him is like having a Family Member telling you stories that you could listen too for a whole day non-stop he moves me.	2003-01-20
had too have this Book	I saw this title in a Book Club I belong too&something told me too just go for it&I did.this Book is fun&Informative as well.very detailed& i dug the Honesty&presentation...	2003-01-20
nothing like College Basketball	so many incredible Players have come through the College ranks.somehow saying that seems like another time period because more&more Kids are going straight too the Pros.but this Book reflects when alot of Guys made a name for themselves in the COllege ranks&leaped off of that.this Book has great reflections.for the Basketball fan especially the College Fan this is a must have.	2003-01-20
Great Book	Ted WIlliams is one of the Great Players Ever&He was a Classy&down too earth Cat as well.while I'm a Yankees Fan&Can't stand the Red-Sox's I Respect Ted Williams a great deal.this Book takes on many aspects of His Life&Career&is solid all the way through.	2003-01-20
this book covers a wide range	i enjoy the fact that this book covers wide variety of tastes&Cultures throughout the world&has many great&exciting things for me too eat.I enjoy trying different Vegetarian foods&this Books adds another direction of choices.	2003-01-18
Very honest&breaks all chains	this book not only puts the music into perspective but also the struggle that still goes on too this day.very upfront&honest about problems that still linger.it traces the journey&challenges it's reader too better understand the reason for the whys??one of the best Books that I have ever read from start too finish.	2003-01-16
really strong Book	this is really cool a book that covers early MJ&His Career&whatnot.this Book does a Great job of refelcting on the artistic side of MJ&going over His work.also a Great reflection on Jermaine,Tito,Marlon,Jackie&later Randy.it's about time the real reason why people got into MJ is mentioned&showcased fr more here with this book.	2003-01-16
Another Great Book on Miles	not many Artists are that interesting where you want too read any book you see on them.but Miles Davis was not just any other Cat.the Man changed the way Music was heard&had a style in Hsi Playing&Leading His Band that made him one of the cornerstones.this Book takes on the Man,Myths,Music,times&raps it all together as on.I'd say the book is very fair overall in speaking on him as a Artist&a human being.when you read one Book on Miles you will want 21 more just like it because that is the vibe Miles has on you once you are hooked on His Genius.	2003-01-16
Great Book on this Laker Run	last year really was something else.it felt so good seeing the Lakers 3-Peat.Shaq,Kobe&Crew were something else.Phil Jackson turned things up another notch.it's fantastic too see the pictures&reflect on this Great run.3-Peat is a Wonderful thing.going for more this year&beyond.	2003-01-15
Very Interesting Overview of Madonna	Madonna:alot can be said about Her but Boring isn't one of them.thsi Book Explores the Many things that relate too the Artist&personna that is Madonna.this Book is Challenging&also puts Madonna into a Complete Perspective from start too finish.just like the Woman Herself it will keep you wondering more&what lays around the Corner.	2003-01-06
enjoyed this Book&don't think much of the NCAA	I enjoyed this Book a Great deal&don't think much of what the NCAA is doing with taking away Michigan's Wins&trips too the Championships.while I'm a Laker Fan&can't stand the Sacremento Kings Chris Webber doesn't deserve too be Messed with like that for all he achieved in College.same goes with Jaun,Jimmy,Jalen&Ray.what these Cats did ten Years back should not be forgotten they made Basketball on any level fun&worth viewing all the time.	2003-01-01
it deals with alot of issues	just like the Show the Book takes on many aspects of daily life.it combines some interesting elements here&you can be the judge at how things balance out at the end.	2002-12-08
Powerful book	sometimes when you want too know about Your Culture&Roots you ahve too explore things for yourself&thank goodness a book such as this brings fourth so many important facts&Historic events that have Shaped the course of America.I Really enjoyed all the Information provided.	2002-12-08
just there	while Toure has some interesting ideas I find His writing style too be very boring&just kinda there.I think He is a Very Overrated Writer.He was kinda Lame at Rolling Stone&now with a Book which while being cleaver at times basically just says the same thing over&over.	2002-11-24
real interesting Book	there was a time when SNL was on the Cutting edge of TV.but those days have long past&too be honest the plug on the Show should have been pulled at least 11-12 years back.but in it's early days it set the standards for shows like In Living Color\\"&what you see with \\"Madd TV\\" among other shows.I always wondered why the Show had so few African-American Cast Members over the years?Eddie Murphy is Missing something badly in here for me.of course you would want too hear Eddie Murphy reflect on the show.interesting stories on John Belushi.He was something else.this book deals with alot of various topics.	2002-11-24
Very Timely Book	this Book unfolds a Not so Hidden Ugly Case of Racism.this book brings so many things to life about the Red Sox's.I think this Book also Explains one of the Reasons why they have been Cursed so Long from Winning it all.there has to be A Omen that still haunts them for how they have Treated there Black Athletes through the Years.Bill Russell Alone should have the City Named Half in His Name to me.this Book was very well written&on time.	2002-10-07
Slammin Book	I really dug this Book I got it right after it came out&find some things that I wanted to try&make.Pasta Fazool was truly cool.I had it recently&went back for more.	2002-10-07
on the real	this Book is very much on point to me.it's no secret here in the United States we have come so far but we have so far to go.this is a Friendly Reminder of a time not so long ago.this Book details that&so much more.truth be told as much Hatred that still goes down you couldn't tell if it was 1898 or 1998? truth be told not much has changed overall.James Byrd should have been front Page News all over the World.Much Props to Dennis Rodman for Contributing to the Byrd Family a Story that went almost unnoticed by the Media.	2002-10-05
Another Powerful Read on Marvin Gaye	Marvin Gaye not only was a musical Genius but the Cat was just very down to earth.reading on Him has always been interesting to me because the Guy was very Complex&so many things went down.His Battle with Motown over His Artistic Direction,Berry Gordy,Marvin&His Wives,His Mother&His Father.so many things involved.this Book takes on all of that&was very well Written.	2002-09-29
very detailed Book	I got this Book a few Years back&truly dug how Adrian Grant went into Detail on MJ's Music.He mentioned when tracks were done&also mentioned side tidbits that were cool as well.very good comprehensive overview on one of the Greatest Music Artists Ever.He mentioned this song called \\"Buffalo Bill\\" that Michael Jackson had done&I was like I wish I could have heard it? that was cool of Him to drop Songs&things.alot of folks don't know how detailed MJ is in the studio or the fact He records so much.	2002-09-29
Great Book that covers History	now this is the kind of Book that I call must reading because it covers a Form of Music&the People that molded&brought it to Life in a Rich Classy way.it explores so many areas&brings it all back to home without missing a beat.this Book is a History Lesson on so many things.Jazz is a Wide range topic all onto itself&this Book Explores that&so much more.	2002-09-28
Power Book	this Summer has been one story after another about Kids being taken away&this Book Reminded me of a very sad&troubled time period.I Remember wondering if what was happening in Atlanta could happen or would happen where I was living?things like that never leave you especially growing up as a Black Youngster.Tayari Jones brings so much out&more in this book.Incredible Presentation&strong Inside.One of the Best Books I've read over the past few years.	2002-09-07
very interesting Book	a very interesting take&structure within this book.a Book that has alot of details on Spirituality.	2002-09-07
very stunning book	this is the kind of book that once you start reading it you can't put it down because it speaks the Gospel truth on things.the book in so many ways reminds of you are getting to big for your britches.or have you forgotten who you are?I truly enjoy Her Showcasing Her Intelligence for something more&greater to me still in this Society there is nothing more Dangerous than a Black Person that happens to Be Smart&On the Ball.throw Success into the Mix&\\"Haters\\" both Black&White are Scared.but for different reasons.I enjoyed this Book fully.	2002-09-07
Nothing but Net on&Off the Court	I just got this Book within the Past hour&had to give this Book Much Props.Brenda L.Thomas Scores on&off the court with this Slam Dunk Fast Break of a Book.what I liked about the Book was that the Characters were very well written&keep you wanting more.I think it's fantastic that it's a Quick&Effective Read without being all drawn out.this book pulls no punches&Hits Nothing but the Bottom of Net.A Straight Swish!!!!!!!	2002-09-04
Very Interesting Book	be it you Love the Show or Loath it you can't deny the fact that it is easily the Pulse of what folks want from TV overall nowadays.No Show has Captured so much attention especially a Cable Based show as much as this Show.this Book Details the Mental breakdown of the Family&what makes them Function as they do.you get many different takes.I find it makes for a very interesting read.	2002-09-01
speaks for itself	this book makes no apologys for what it represents&that is a breath of fresh air. I'm not Championing it, but it is a interesting trip&viewing to say the least.this book captures what it was intended to do.	2002-08-26
good book	i watched old Re-Runs of Mike Douglas's show&thought He had a laid-back quality to what he was doing.I enjoyed the fact that so many acts could come&go on His show&He was Classy about How He handled various details.this was a Guy who had his thing on Tv.a Good Book&reflects a different era&time period.	2002-08-25
Very Compelling Book	I really enjoyed the twists&turns in this film from start to finish.you never know what is gonna happen next.it keeps you on the edge&things.I enjoy the Pace&the way everything kinda falls into line here.Jack Allen is a Very Creative Person.I Like how everything works while nothing is for sure in this Book.	2002-08-09
interesting	i read this book some years back&was curious as to how Jackie Collins would speak on the Business.well this is cool in spots it is very Entertaining to say the least.	2002-08-05
A Book you won't soon put down	I've read everything that I could on Jackie Wilson.the Man was something else in His Prime but sadly hasn't gotten His Full Due as a Artist to me overall.The Man knew how to Rock a Stage&was in Groove.but there was the Business which was Controled then as it is now by Payola&Scandal&at the End of the Day the Artist that has brought so Much Joy to so many People is the last Person Paid&Respected.this Book Explores many Aspects of His Career&Life.Ups&downs.it's a Great Inside Reflection of the Business.Much Props to Tony Douglas.RIP Jackie Wilson.	2002-07-31
Must Have!!	Ahmet Ertegun what a Important figure in the Music Business? the Guy truly knew His stuff at making a label Important.just His Association with Ray Charles&Aretha Franklin alone speaks volumes to me.He had a strong Idea of what He wanted&He got it.in it's Hey Day Atlantic Records was as Important as Any Other Label then or Now.the one thing you get after reading this Book&Hearing the Atlantic Box Set is that Ahmet Ertegun could vibe with anyone.a Must Have.	2002-07-31
TOUR DE FORCE!!!!!!	Powerful Book&even more on Point considering what Michael Jackson is going through with Sony&TOmmy Mottola.this Book takes on many things from the past,present&future.this Book details Label heads from Past Era's to Now.Very Detailed on the Ends&Outs of this trip out Business.PAYOLA which still Runs the Radio&Video Game.this Book Details the Monopoly The Business has on different things.Very Upfront&Honest.nothing though Surprised me however.alot of GLassy-Eyed Racals in that Business.	2002-07-23
The Baddest Player in the NBA Today	this a cool book on Shaq just going over what he does on&off the court.Shaq is a real cool Dude.He has alot of Fun at what He does.a Fun Read.	2002-07-06
Changing the Game	The Williams Sisters are SuperBad No DOubt! I have followed there Successful Run in various tournements&Applaud them to the fullest.they are changing the Game of tennis always 1&2 in the world&Dominating there Competition with ease.ALthea Gibson,Arthur Ashe&a few other African American Tennis Players Opened the Door for them but the Williams Sisters are Kicking it Wide Open.these Sisters are Very Talented,Beautiful,On Top of there Game&Very Grounded People who know what they want to do&are Very Exciting to watch with there Powerful game.Just Like Tiger Woods Flipped the Golf Game the Williams Sisters have Flipped Tennis as we know it.Much Props!!!	2002-07-06
better than Average but leaves some blanks	I got this Book when it first came out&while it drops a few interesting things overall nothing to get excited about.you never get the full deal on Her as a Artist for example.interesting but not that much depth to me overall.	2002-07-04
A Toast to the Baddest Player in the Game	what a Year Barry Bonds had last year&Continues to have this Season?? the Man no matter what folks say or think about Him His Talent&drive are out of this World.Last Year was Magic as far as I'm Concearned.He is my Favorite Baseball Player still a 5-Tool Player.I enjoyed what was stated.Barry Bonds is something else Hopefully One Day He can get a Ring.when it's all said&done there won't be much that Barry hasn't done in His Great Baseball Career.	2002-06-25
Enjoyed this Book	I really found this Book to be quite interesting.I found Censorship to be a Joke overall to me.Shops still Sell Stickered Albums to Kids all over the World.what do they stop?? I think it was Racist that Prince was Made the \\"Poster Child\\" for Content in Music back in 1985.Suggestive Material had been around way Before Prince&others Came along but He got the Tag.Rappers have caught more Flack Behind Censorship as well.interestign Book Nevertheless.	2002-06-25
Real Cool Fun Book	I always enjoy Books as these they are fun for cook-Outs&things where you can ask questions&things on different Musical Artists.it covers a Wide Range.it truly has a Family Affari Vibe at how it covers so many different time periods but yet combines&brings them as one.	2002-06-25
The Man was a True Original	He is without a doubt one of the Coolest Cats to Ever be on the Big Screen.I have seen many of His Movies&He had a Edge to His Craft.this Book Explores His Rise&the way He went about things.some very Interesting things are mentioned.I enjoyed all the info.	2002-06-25
very much on point	Kobe Bryant is gonna be Scary in 5 years is what I tell everybody who I talk to about Basketball.right now along with Shaq&the Rest of the Lakers they are on the Verge of a serious Dynasty run.this Book shows the start of how Kobe Bryant has been making choices&the way He has picked the path for his destiny.He has overcome alot already more than most folks truly give Him Credit for.i enjoyed the way this book out-lined everything He is About thus far&the road that has lead Him to the Player He has become.	2002-06-21
Iverson is tough	I respect how Hard Allen Iverson the Player plays.I also Respect Allen Iverson the Person for what He has had to overcome.though He plays in a Very Tough Profession nothing Compares to His Upbringing&Surroundings&the many things He has Endured&gone through.The Man is Tough On&Off the Court.	2002-06-21
Don is Something else	Don King is a Cat that knows how to Spit out Game both in&out of the Ring.no matter who comes along nobody is gonna outlast Don King.this Book tackles all the things that the HBO movie went over.you see a Guy who would not be denied.His Famous Words Only in America fit Him to a Letter T.He is Witty,Sharp,Hustler&Always on His Game no matter what He is getting down with.	2002-06-18
Solid Book	Kobe Bryant is all Ready a Important Player but wait until a few years down the line His Best shall come.the Guy is a Good Balance of Talent&Flaw.He is gonna be Scary in years to Come.this Book brings all those Elements&More out.He has had to deal with alot of things On&Off the COurt but He is Headed for Something Special with His Career.the Sky is the Limit for Him.	2002-06-18
Insightful Zen	I really enjoyed this Book.Phil Jackson truly has a Gift for Breaking things down.the way He breaks down Players&the way they run plays&Structure things.Tex Winter&the Genius of the Triangle Offense is something else.He speaks on different players.insightful.you don't have His Success without knowing your Stuff.	2002-06-18
Shaq adding His Own spin on things	Shaq is a trip He combines different things in this Story&they all work.this Book is for all Ages.	2002-06-18
What a Cat??	John McENroe a Complex Great Athlete with Many thoughts&Relfections.that Balance of Talent&Flaw that Creates something Special.He brngs so much to Life on&off the Court.He is one of those Rare Sports Figures that you Either Loathed or Loved but there was no Middle Ground with McENROE!!this Book adds another Chapter to His Legacy.	2002-06-18
A Toast a Must Read&Have	folks need to Know the Pioneers that Paved the way for Ball today.50-52 Years ago isn't that long ago.alot isn't mentioned of it&hat's really sad to me.but glad to have this Book that speaks on the Past,Present&The Future.A Toast to the Men who Paved the way.	2002-06-18
straight to the point	this Book reflects the Heart&Soul of the Lakers title drive&run.the start of Something big.a Treat for Laker Fans.	2002-06-13
Really cool Insight to a Great Team	this Book takes on the inside on what got the Lakers to there Championship Level.SHAQ&KOBE are Unstoppable Period as a Duo.this Team really is something else because they have done what no other Teams that have had Championship Runs have done&that is Turn it On&Off whenever they feel like it.in the Words of Blake Carrington this is a Dynasty.and Phil Jackson has Spreaded the Zen&Brought this Team together as One.Mad Props to SHAQ You are The Baddest,Kobe 5 Years from now who is gonna stop you? Rick Fox,D-Fish,Brian Shaw Robert (Big Bucket)Horry&the whole Crew. time for Number 3.then another Chapter continues next Year&so On.	2002-06-12
Great Overview	Barbara Streisand isn't given her due for Her Films.this Book covers alot of Her Film Career! good Pictures&Reflections.	2002-06-06
The Book&Show crack me up	I watch this Show Every Night I get a chance&the Humor&the People crack me up.but this Book is just as funny.you won't stop laughing it's a riot.Great for Partys&Get togethers.alot of fun to be had.	2002-05-24
straight to the point	this book is very much on point.it pulls no punches everything you need to know&how to handle your business uncut.not only is Kashif a Solid Musician but He also is a On-Point Author here.this is the kind of Book that any Artist,Group,etc.. heading into the Biz should read backwards&forwards&again&again.you always hear stories of getting Ripped off within in the Business&this Book will safe a many Career from going on \\"Behind the Music\\" saying the same Line.	2002-05-24
Real COOL	I have a Few Albums of Neil Young's&He is a Cat that has always been His Own Man.this Book Explores that&so much more.it's cool reading about His Creative Vibe&His Surroundings.I was also Happy to Read about Him&Rick James.they were Band Mates back in the late 60's.some funny stories there.a very detailed read.the kind of Book that you will find something new out of it with each passing Read.	2002-05-20
Very Honest&a trip	no matter what you think of Boy George He is one of the Very Few People in the Industry that is Honest&Frank.He is full of many Emotions&reflections.I dig the early Culture Club Records.He is a Person with alot of Personality.He has overcome alot.like the song He did back in 1988 with Teddy Riley this Book will take your mind on a trip.	2002-05-15
a Man on top of the Game!	Dick Schaap was a Guy who knew His Sports&also knew how to bring Sports&the Real World together as one.He had such a classy way of presenting Athletes&things going on around them&the World.this is a Book that highlights a true Winner.RIP.	2002-05-07
Nothing wrong with Number 2#	many songs here are better than many songs that have reached Number 1 to me.I have heard some sorry songs go to number 1#&stay there way too long overall to me.and nowadays easily the songs here are far&away better than what's tops now.if a song is Good it doesn't really matter where it lands just as long as you remember it.charts don't really always tell the full picture to alot of Artists&Groups.	2002-05-07
very detailed book	i find myself always enjoying Books on People&this is no exception.very well detailed Book on a Important Composer&His Many Demons&Surroundings.I heard a few years back that Will Smith was considering doing the Bio Movie on Billy Strayhorn.it would be really interesting to see how things would come out on the Big screen.this book reflects on Music Talent&whole Life.very well done book.	2002-05-06
a Blast!	what can you say about Miles Davis that hasn't been said? this Book covers so much&then some.it's a great overview.you can see many sides of the coin.Miles Daivs is one of the Most Interesting Musical Figures Ever.so many bases to cover&you can never cover them all in one sitting or one book.very complex but also a work in progress.Miles never stopped.	2002-05-06
on Point	I have alot of Respect for Bernie Mac.the Guy has been around for quite a while but just has been noticed by the Mainstream over the past few years.this Book hits on alot&is straight to the Point.I'm not crazy about His TV Show because of the Limitations of Network TV but the Guy is Cool.I Enjoyed this Book.	2002-05-03
Love or Loath Her you always find yourself listening	one thing about Madonna then as now She has never been lost with words on People,Places,&things.She has always had something to say on everything&everyone.I applaud Her for being Herself no matter what.interesting quotes through the years from her.	2002-04-26
Fun Book!	of course folks dig HollyWood Feuds.it's not any fun without wondering if folks truly dig each other.and this Book unloads on that&adds so much Humor&is a really cool read.it's always funny when folks try to down play a Spat or the fact they don't really dig somebody&smile&grin on TV knowing Damn Well they can't stand whom ever they have to acknowledge on TV or Give a Award to or Work with.Books like this are Good for Laughter&unload.	2002-04-25
very interesting Book	I think Tom King did a Good Job here bringing out the Many Sides of David Geffen.you name it in Hollywood&Geffen has done it&done it with alot of Success.this Book Explores His Business mind sense&various details.considering how He started out in the Biz&where He ended up speaks volumes.but like so many other Hollywood stories you pay a price for all the Money&Power it's another interesting trade off to say the least.this is a Book made for folks that like to hear about how Business goes down in Hollywood.Very Interesting to say the least.	2002-04-25
His Name is Barry Bonds: the Baddest Cat in the Game	finally a Book on My Favoirte Baseball Player in the Game.Barry Bonds gets a Bad Rap for Reasons that have nothing to do with what He does on the Field.He won't Smile&Shuck like so Many Other Atheletes feel they must do to be excepted.Barry Bonds Smiles with His Talent&Shines with it.Barry is the Best Example of how it's suppose to be.because to have a Year liek He did last year means Hard Work&Determination.He is a 5 Tool Player:Run,hit,Power,Glove,All-Around Force.the only other Player I see in Baseball on His Level is Alex Rodriguez.Barry is long overdue for His Due as a Great Player that Arguably Might One Day be Considered the Greatest.when you factor Hwo Dangerous He is&the way He gets Walked not many other Players can Make Claim to that.a Book for a Sports Fan that Respects Talent first&foremost.	2002-04-25
Very Interesting 80's Book	this is a very interesting Book on 80's Pop Culture.the 80's were a Interesting Era&the Last time Period of Concept still mattering.for better or for worse it is the Era in Pop Culture that has forever changed How we View,See&Hear things.interesting Book.	2002-03-27
Good Overview	I think that Scott Freeman did a Good Solid Job here with this Book.it captures many elements of Ottis Redding.it's a shame that a Major Film&Other things haven't been brought out to capture the Man fully.He did alot in His Short time on Earth.this Book Brings alot to life.The Man as a Artist was One of The Baddest Ever I have Heard.	2002-03-16
Slightly better than Average	this Book is alright for a starter type of book but it doesn't fully grasp all the information one would want in such a Important Heading.when you see a Book that says the History of Rock&Roll you are expecting a Full overview&Insights left&right&this Book doesn't do that.but it's still a Interesting read nevertheless.	2002-03-16
very cliched but things work	having listened to Led Zeppelin's music for years now I always wondered why a Group that had as strong a following as them&were a Huge Act kinda just fell off?this Book answers alot of that.while the Music would have been much more interesting fully brought out more this Book explores the Personalitys of the Band Members.it's Cliche ShowBiz Life,Sex,Drugs,&Rock&Roll&Ego tripping.this is the kind of Book that if you have a One-Sided View of a Act just based on there Talent you may or may not look at them the same.But aside from some Issues within themselves,they were still a Happening Band&that Made there Mark.	2002-03-16
Cool Book	I find this Book to Be very upfront&direct on His Life.I think Barry Manilow is a Very Underrated Artist.here He reflects on different things in his Life&whatnot.I found this Book to Be a Reallt Cool Read.	2002-03-16
Good not Great but very Entertaining	i recently read this Book on Elton John whose 70's work I really still dig more than any other Era of His Stuff.His Music when done with feeling is really on Point.this Book also Explores His Trip Out Sense of Humor&how other Artists are in Contact with Him.Elizabeth Rosenthal does a Good Job at Balance His Carrer&Him as a Person really well.I Would Have Dug More of His Takes on How He hears Other Artists&things.there were a Few Cool Ones with him&Steive Wonder.a good book though.	2002-03-16
I enjoyed this Book	I have liked Joni Mitchell for quite a number of years.Her \\"Blue\\" Album really moves me still to this day.this book works for me because I don't have all Her Albums nor all the lyrics so this is a cool book.I hope that a full overview of Her Career&things will be included in the future in a expanded edition of this book but for now this is really cool.	2002-03-16
Pound,Pound Cedric Bro	couldn't put this Book down.Cedric always covers a wide range of topics&Speaks to everybody but comes straight on with any subject matter.I've dug Cedric for a long time&this Book is a must for Fans of His Material&Vibe.Right On!	2002-03-16
a trip out Book	this Book was a trip.Prince&His NPG Band at the time just letting loose in Photos.the closes thing in picture to Prince just having a Good time.this is more of a collectors type of book.Good for some Laughs&tripping out but it was cool to get.	2002-03-16
A Must Have!	back in the day a solid Reflection on Hip-Hop Life&the Early Vibe.when Expression Mattered&Being Original was the Norm.When Biting a Style wasn't cool.it seems like Yesterday but is this Clone riding time&Past Decade it seems like a Century ago almost.because that was a FRESH time Period in Style&Vibe.RIGHT ON!	2002-03-15
A Must Have!	back in the day a solid Reflection on Hip-Hop Life&the Early Vibe.when Expression Mattered&Being Original was the Norm.When Biting a Style wasn't cool.it seems like Yesterday but is this Clone riding time&Past Decade it seems like a Century ago almost.because that was a FRESH time Period in Style&Vibe.RIGHT ON!	2002-03-15
Ground-Breaker	that is the only way to describe Tiger Woods.it seems He continues to Pave New Ground on the Golf Course.with Him Winning&holding many trophys ...Tiger Woods is the Jackie Robinson of the Golf World.He May Be the Most Important Athlete of this Century time will only tell.but He has made a Helluva Impact.He made the Golf Game Hip.Before Him only Rodney Dangerfield in CaddyShack was Appealing to Me.He has truly Opened up some Closed Gates.	2002-02-21
Very Powerful Book	Jim Crow wasn't that far abck in reality.within the past 40 years is a very short time period.so many things that I ahve heard from Family&People during that time period.also doing research&Reading back on it opened my eyes to alot of things&it makes alot of since the way things are in so many ways.the difference with then&now take for instance Racial Profiling: back then if you were Black Walking&folks didn't like you you could be Hung or Killed straight up.a Beat down was like drinking water back then&sadly still now in alot of instances.alot of the Impact from that era are still felt to this day.this Book Details that&so much more on a far More Rougher time period that needed to be told&a Reminder of things that were not that long ago.this is a must have read.	2002-02-14
a Must Read	the Life of Malcolm X a Very Complex Brother with so Many things going on all at once.He Died so young while Constanly Evolving.He was Limit-Less&Growing in so many other Areas as Human Being.this Book brings to light so much.a Must Read.	2002-02-07
classic Motown	a Must Have for any fan of Motown this is a Great Collection Of Pictures&amp;tribute.when you reflect on Motown you are reflecting on a Special time Period that can never Be touched again.	2002-01-12
Arguably One of the Greatest Albums Period	should be more like it.what can you say about the Album &quot;what's Going On&quot;?Mind Blowing to this day.solid all the way around.the kind of Album that is timeless&amp;moves you especially now in light of recent events.Marvin Gaye is one of those Artists in His League&amp;this Book showcases that.also Madd Props to all the Great minds that Contributed to this Classic Album&amp;it reflected then as it does now.War,Sex,Race,Religion,Class,&amp;The World&amp;it's Surroundings.Read the Book&amp;Listen to the album they both will grab your full attention.	2002-01-12
A Cool Overview	this is a cool Book&amp;Overview on Diana Ross.Diana Ross always had Style&amp;you couldn't take your eye off Her.also She is a very Attractive Lady.I've enjoyed Her Music mainly the Older stuff of course but She is something else.this is a cool Book.	2002-01-12
solid Read	it's cool that Christopher John Farley did this book.I've read His Work in Time Magazine&amp;He is a Cool Writer.Aaliyah was something else.She was One of those People that Had that &quot;IT&quot;.I think She&amp;2Pac in the last 10 years had that kind of It that you can't teach.I didn't think He was a Great Rapper&amp;I didn't find Her to Be a Great Singer but there Overall Presentation took things to a whole different level&amp;you couldn't ignore how they vibed.Both to Me were Meant for the Big Screen.Aaliyah did so much from her time Here on earth.Music,Movies,Modeling&amp;just being a Down Home kind of FOlk.CLassy&amp;Yet Challenging.easy to Reach but also a Mystery.She was something else&amp;Very Beautiful as a Person&amp;The Vibe She Gave Off.R.I.P	2002-01-05
Interesting Book	I've followed Michael Jackson's Career for a Long time.No Other Artist in the Past 20 plus Years has Brought the Hype&amp;Interest like Him.Now the Interview was cool I tend to like more detail stuff&amp;Grant has done better Books on MJ still this one has some cool Commentary.I enjoy Reading on MJ's Creative Process Period.Adrian Grant sheded Light on that in another Book.	2001-12-30
Motown in it's full glory	great to see a Book that fully captures the Motown Sound&amp;all it's glory here.a solid Overview on the History of Motown.I can't Help but get excited about a Book on Motown because nothing out nowadays has the spirit&amp;energy of this Giant.the Many Great Minds that made this Label Flourish gets just due here.enjoy.	2001-12-30
Very Underrated Player	I give Reggie Miller Madd Props He isn't the Fastest or Best Rebounder or Dunk Specialist but as a Clutch Shooter&amp;Money time Player He is something else.this Book is cool&amp;is in line with His Vibe.He doesn't get all the due He should The Man Plays His Game Year in&amp;Year out.still On His Game.	2001-12-30
Very much on Point Book on the Man	Muhammad Ali is truly one of a Kind Person inside&amp;outside The Ring.nobody like Him since.The Man took Sports to a whole different level.He took America&amp;The World to a whole different view.this Book brings all that&amp;more into view.a 3 Hour Movie can't do Him any true Justice.He captured so much that is still being felt to this day.a Must Read.	2001-12-25
A Poet's Poet	In a Fair World Gil Scott-Heron would Get His Full Props for the way His Mind Works.The Man Covers so Much Here.He Captures so Much&amp;Keeps it straight all the way.this Should Be a Must in any School System&amp;places of Learning Period.	2001-12-03
Good Solid Book	Larry Bird has always been Straight&amp;to the Put.from His Playing days with His Classic Battles with Magic Johnson to His Coaching Career&amp;His Overall View on the NBA&amp;it's players.I enjoyed the Book.Larry Bird is a Very Tough Minded Cat.	2001-11-11
Very Average	I Respect Nelson George from way back when, but this Book doesn't really do much for Me one way or the other.as for Russell Simmons I respect the fact He made His Way but overall I don't find Him that Challenging&amp;I can't Respect How He let His Artists kinda just slip without taking care of them Better.Public Enemy,LL COOL J to name a few didn't get the best shake from Him.He gets into His Lifestyle&amp;that's basically it.nothing more nothing less.Very Ordinary read.	2001-11-11
Q is The Man!	I've been waiting for this Book for the longest time.Quincy Jones what a Music Mind&amp;Person?He really overcame so much&amp;Yet kept His Cool.a First Class Cat.He has Worked with the Best.You Name them Q has been there.Ray Charles,Billy Eckstine,Clark Terry,Count Basie,Frank Sinatra,Michael Jackson among others that He has Worked with.Incredible.this Book deals with many topics&amp;deals with things Head On.with Quincy Jones You feel the Soul&amp;Depth.Enjoy	2001-10-20
Brother has a Mind	and He knows How to use it&amp;put it down Properly.I always enjoy any debate&amp;Topic He is talking about.like on TV He is the same in His Books.a Dynimite Mind who explores many things&amp;paints pictures from all points of views.if you have followed Cornel West's Career then add this to your Book-Self.check it out.	2001-09-26
Average at best&amp;that's a Compliment	A.J. Benza is like a Fast Food Place that says 98.9 percent fat free&amp;Grease.but you still have that 1.1 Percent Grease&amp;Chunk in there well that is Benza.He offers nothing new but a Generic Substitute to what He already is Offering.His E Reporting&amp;Side Gig is far better than a Book on Him.He is a trip but nothing more.	2001-09-15
Very Compelling Book	Miles Davis was more than a Great Musician He was a Man with a Mind&amp;He had alot to say.this Book reflects on that&amp;more.very detail on many subjects.any book usual on Miles is a must read because not only for His Music but His take on the World Around Him.	2001-09-14
strong book	not only do I dig&amp;respect Willie Nelson as a Artist but also His Down to Earth Vibe.this Book Reflects on that&amp;so much more.He has a Mellow but to the point way of saying stuff like He did in this Book.He is a song within a Song in this Book.	2001-09-10
Another Winner	reading on the 70's R&amp;B Scene is My Cup of Kool-Aid.Very Insightful&amp;Detail just like the first Book.Very Revealing&amp;full of notes that have been long unknown by the Masses.it's long over due that the Powerful Force of 70's R&amp;B hasn't been heard in full effect until now.another Winner!	2001-09-09
Hit&amp;Miss	J.Randy Taraborrelli is a trip.His Books on Diana Ross&amp;Michael Jackson were each a Trip.He wrote a few Weak Books as well.this Book falls into in Between.Interesting tidbits but overall unlike the Diana Ross Book witch was a Trip&amp;The Michael Jackson Book that was a Great Read this one just goes into different spots.Madonna is of course one of the most Interesting Subjects In Pop Culture over the past 30 Years but this Book is Hit&amp;Miss&amp; falls just short of being a must to me.	2001-09-09
interesting Behind the scenes takes	what can you say about MTV?you can Love it or Loath it but you can't ignore it's Cultural Impact.this book reminds people of things that went in every direction imagine&amp;then some.interesting Interviews&amp;Settings.MTV is it's own World&amp;Operation.this is a Interesting Read.	2001-09-09
Very In Depth	this is the kind of Book Every 70's Lover of R&amp;B must have ASAP.very detail&amp;interesting from start to finish.a MUST!A MUST!	2001-09-09
Strong Book	only a Great Mind&amp;Soul Like Michael Eric Dyson could Bring together another Powerful&amp;Strong Book.The Genius of Mr.Dyson's Writing&amp;Wording bring Home the Meaning&amp;Vibe that 2Pac was saying in many of His Songs&amp;Poems.Very Much on point.The Interviews were on Point as well.Mr.Dyson Writes like Nobody's Business to me.Very Well Read&amp;Yet Full Of Understanding so that everybody can Relate.	2001-09-05
interesting	I found this Book to be interesting.Shaq is one of the Few NBA Players to come clean on His Play&amp;His Competition.I Dig His Honesty on various Topics.Shaq has alot of Humor as well.Bro Man had Me Rolling a Few times.I Hope in a Few Years He does a FOllow Up He is the Most Dominate Player in the Game TOday for He has Worked Hard at Being it.	2001-08-22
Essential Book for Laker Fans	Very Detailed&amp;Right On Time for the Laker Fan.you can't Miss with this Book.a Great Overview&amp;Some trip out stuff.	2001-08-22
very well concieved Book	a Book such as this Enlightens Many of Artists that didn't get a fair shake for Various Reasons.I got a chance to read this while also Reading David Nathen's Book on Diva's.this Book is very well Detailed&amp;gives alot of Insight to many things.worth a checking into.	2001-08-22
A Cool Book	I can Really get alot of Creative Ideas from this Book.there is more Food Selections to select from then what the Average person are lead to believe.the different Meals that can come through are something else.I always believe in being Creative with whatever Dish I'm gonna eat.a Cool Book.	2001-07-26
A Very Interesting detailed Book	there is nothing like Super Bowls they use to really be exciting.and this Book Highlights past ones including my Buffalo Bills.full of Information&amp;Insight.very well put together.	2001-06-10
can never say enough	Jackie Robinson is more than a Athlete He is a Ground-Breaking Man in America He paved the way for Future Black Athletes.this Book Sheds light on him&amp;what He dealt with.it can never be stated enough He forever changed the way the Game would be Viewed&amp;watched.He was a Gifted Athlete&amp;Person.this Book Reflects on a Human being that changed a way of Life in this Country that happen in the past 50 years that wasn't that long ago but the way people try to downplay many things that deal with Race you'd Swear it was a 100.Jackie Robinson shall never be forgotten for no Him who knows what the Sports World&amp;Civil Rights be like??He Deserves a National Holiday to me.	2001-06-02
Images	One Magazine that has covered Pop Culture for so long.while Rolling Stone has Been as Lame as MTV for almost a Decade now in it's past Glory the Covers were as Interesting as the Story's that were being told.Music&amp;Pop History on display here.I Like TO Remember when Rolling Stone actually Kinda Mattered.	2001-05-22
A Winner	Phil Berger does a solid job here on Pistol Pete.Pistol was something else.He did things on the court that still haven't been done since.He was a Bit ahead of His time.if He were out now He would be in another world all together.a solid read here.	2001-05-10
A Must Read	you can Never say enough about the Legacy of Bill Russell.The Man has words of Wisdom&amp;He sheds Light on it.this Book brings you into His Views&amp;what got Him to His Destiny.a must read from a Man who Proved on&amp;off the court He was a Winner&amp;one step ahead of the curve.	2001-05-10
Basic Media Quotes	this Book puts different things He has said over the years kinda all Scattered out.it's cool reading Respect that He has gotten from different Artists&amp;Groups in the Business.His Battle was Legendary with Sony.it Inspired Prince for better or Worse.but that isn't mentioned here.He deserves a full book that highlights His Talent&amp;Career in full detail.interesting overview here though on His Artistic Challenges&amp;Influences.	2001-04-24
a Book without Merit	this Book is pointless&amp;has nothing to offer.How Christopher Anderson even got a deal to do this Book is a Mystery to me.Yeah MJ has His Issues but this Book only Reflects a negative Vibe not a full View of this very important Musical Artist.Avoid this Book at all Costs.	2001-04-15
Ground-Breaking	you can never say enough about the Genius Mind of Huey P.Newton.this Book is very Essential&amp;Reflects a Turning Point in Society that still hasn't come full circle yet.Very thought Provoking,Challenging&amp;Direct like the Man Himself.	2001-04-04
A Good Solid Book	Marion Jones is one of the Most Important Athletes in Sports over the past Decade She has forever changed what a Athlete can Proclaim as Goals.She had a Great Year at the Olympics.She will only get better with time.this is a Good Solid Book on Her I can't wait to see what Her Next Journey shall be She is Very Talented&amp;Hard Working Person&amp;very Down To Earth.	2001-03-18
Overcoming so much	Ruth Brown is Amazing not only as a Artist but also as a Human Being in a time that not long ago that Hated her for HerColor&amp;She fought for a better Tommorow for Future Generations of Artists coming.She overcame so much &amp;Gave Back so Much not only as a Artist but also as a Person.Important Artists like Her should always be Remembered for Paving the way for so many.She is a Great Vocalist that could ring Circles around Many out today.Her Book&amp;Etta James's are Must.Sister's that overcame so much but Maintain there Inner&amp;Outer Soul.	2001-03-18
very deep	a must read for sure on one of Musics Greatest Creative forces ever.this is a book that is very essential for folks who are moved by Great Talents&amp;Muddy Waters is one of the Greatest.	2001-03-11
very important Book	this is a Great book that covers so much Historical important information.a wide view of knowledge of the struggle all here.a must have.books like this cover so much.	2001-02-01
very touching Book	i got this book a few years back&amp;it touched me.the prayers&amp;Poems really touched me alot.Desmond TuTu is a Great Human Being.This Man has touched many lives.i have enjoyed this book since day one.	2001-01-06
Tight Book	if you dig the Show you are gonna dig this book alot.it makes a cool Gift.it has alot of Details&amp;Information the Next Season SHould Be Interesting.The Show is Interesting.this book will keep your interest all the way through.	2001-01-02
Very Moving	this book is a must for the Social minded.very powerful&amp;makes you think.so much heart&amp;soul from Mumia Abdu-Jamal.he always makes you think about things.He writes from the soul of his mind.very compelling book.This Man deserves to be Heard&amp;given a fair chance.	2001-01-01
timeless	Huey P. Newton was something else.the Man was a Genius of Vision&amp;thought out so much on life.He was a force of  nature that only could grow&amp;challenge things around Him.He brought attention to many things.His Impact on Society will never be forgotten.in afair World He may have been Vice President or even President.He had that kind of impact&amp;vibe.	2001-01-01
a must for the sports fan	i don't really care much for ESPN the Magazine but i dig Dan Patrick's outtakes.that is always cool.this is so cool finding out what folks really dig off the field or court or track.very interesting.that was the most Creative thing that ESPN The Magazine did at the back.i enjoy reading this.	2001-01-01
a great book	David Nathan is a great writer.i have read his stuff for years.this is a very interesting book.for me all he had to cover was Aretha Franklin,Patti Labelle&amp;of Course Diana Ross and that would have been plenty.Nina Simone as well.but when you say Diva Diana Ross&amp;Aretha Franklin come to mind first&amp;foremost.a must have.I don't need nothing on Madonna or Cher they get way too much Hype already.Madonna&amp;Cher have nothing on Diana Ross Period.	2001-01-01
a must	Bruce Lee was his own man.he had so much style&amp;smoothness about him.this book highlights his world in front of the public&amp;behind it.very detailed&amp;very upfront.you get a very insightful look into his world&amp;vision.a man who forever changed the world with his talent&amp;craft.a man who was trying to make sense of his surroudings&amp;the things that were in placed around him.He will never be forgotten.	2000-12-25
What A Trip?	Howard Stern is a card in a half.talk about knowing how to push the right buttons&amp;talk madd smack he has it down pat.this book tripped me out from start to finish.The Michael Jackson part is a trip.i watch his show&amp;i dig his honesty on folks that's what makes him  so cool at times.Love Him or Loath Him you can't ignore his impact in the Media.he is a card in a half.	2000-12-24
Classic	for the baseball fan this is a must.great plays captured here in there full essence&amp;texture.when you see or read the impact of these plays you think what was i doing? the images are forever timeless you feel like they were all yesterday.so much joy&amp;emotion from seeing them.that's why this is AMerica's Greatest Game ever.it has it all&amp;more.the game has forever changed but it's impact is History always in the making.a great book.	2000-12-16
a good set	Wham had some good songs together.Careless Whisper was my cut.everything she wants is also a great cut especially the long version.they made happy go lucky music but yet there was something to it as well.i dig this set.George Michael went on to achieve even more.	2000-12-11
who doesn't watch the show?	a Great Gift from a solid show.alot of folks watch this show every Sunday&amp;this makes a cool gift for those who can't get enough of there Sopranos fix.season 3 should be really interesting.	2000-12-11
Sinbad is so Cool	Sinbad is a Cool&amp;funny Dude.he hits the point on so many times.i really like how he reflects on growing up&amp;trends.the man is so underrated to me.he deserves more props than he gets.David Ritz is a Solid Writer.Sinbad always made my HBO Summers with his 70's Funk Tributes.WHen he was hosting Vibe the show i Watched every night the Man is so cool very Down to Earth Brother.	2000-12-09
Sinbad is so Cool	Sinbad is a Cool&amp;funny Dude.he hits the point on so many times.i really like how he reflects on growing up&amp;trends.the man is so underrated to me.he deserves more props than he gets.David Ritz is a Solid Writer.Sinbad always made my HBO Summers with his 70's Funk Tributes.WHen he was hosting Vibe the show i Watched every night the Man is so cool very Down to Earth Brother.	2000-12-09
Very Informative	nowadays it's hard to get folks to sing on key.but this book showcases many great Acts that had there stuff together&amp;were the real deal.you get alot of insightful information that details the great stuff from the good stuff.a solid comprehensive book that is very detailed&amp;on point all the way through.this is a very important form of Creativity that needs to be fully appreciated by many.it's the basic for Harmony in any group that wants to be taken seriously as a vocal group.a must have great facts&amp;insight.	2000-12-05
very powerful	Walter Payton was not only a Great Player but the Brother had a Real Soul&amp;Purpose in Life.this Book Covers that&amp;so much more as well.He had Heart&amp;alot of drive,ambition&amp;determination.He gave of himself so many times.He died so young.but the Warmth&amp;SOul the Man Left Behind will never be forgotten he touched many lives for his Greatness on&amp;off the Field.Mr.Payton was a Class Act.all the best to His Family.	2000-12-02
very well written	this book is very well done.from start to finish it covers a wide range of things going on in his life.not only him as a Great Artist but the Man.the book will grab a hold of you&amp;make you Respect The Man even more.i strongly Recommend this Book to anyone who is interested in a musician who helped shape&amp;change THe Culture over time.	2000-12-01
very complete	THe Neville Brothers are a very solid unit.Great talents.this book takes them not only as a Group but also as People with feelings&amp;outlooks.David Ritz does a Great job of doing books.always Interesting reads.this is a very complete book.long overdue on these greats.but better late than never.	2000-11-26
A Classic	just like I Dig Donald Goines Iceberg Slim was tight as well.this Book is very honest in the world which it reflectsThe Surroundings.it comes directly at you.Books like this have no time period because upon reading them you can see&amp;reflect them in any time period.it all depends on how you see&amp;view the World around you.	2000-11-25
Very Solid	i couldn't wait to get this Book after i saw Tina Sinatra on 60 minutes.this book is very detailed&amp;full of insight into Frank Sinatra the Man on&amp;off the stage.alot of eye opening material.i have read alot of books on Old Blue Eye's but Family knows best.Tina Sinatra gives up the goods here.a must read.	2000-11-21
great overview	this is a very comprehensive book that covers many years&amp;Decades of R&amp;B.very detailed&amp;full of insight&amp;information.i do wonder how things would have been if Soundscan had have been in full effect during the full time period?but never the less it's still fantastic.	2000-11-19
very powerful	only a great mind like Toni Morrison is fitting to write on the Great mind of Huey P.Newton.Mr.Newton had alot of vision&amp;inner spirit for change.he was ahead of his time.very compelling book.	2000-11-19
a great overview on Jimi	i just got this book during the past week&amp;read it right away.i dig these type of books.great commentary on the Genius&amp;power of Jimi Hendrix.great insights&amp;observations.	2000-11-19
very detailed	Life Magazine has always done a great job of presenting different images of AMerica.the Pictures have always captured the changing faces of our times.a great overview of history&amp;People that have impacted Society.	2000-11-19
very Interesting	being a Yankee fan&amp;follower i was hyped about this Book on Joe Dimaggo.on the field he was as Bad as anyone who has ever played the game period.that's why i don't like Polls&amp;lists because just for the 56 game streak who will ever come closer than Pete Rose did?this book is very interesting with his Image&amp;business&amp;outlook on things.it's always cool to seeing a different side to people Good or Bad.in fact it makes them more interesting.everything about this Dude was Ground-Breaking.he was his own Man.	2000-11-18
worth getting	what can you say about Dick Clark?the ageless one.the teen for life.he was very ground-breaking in alot of ways.he gave alot of Artists a chance to be in the spotlight.this book recounts his feelings on Race,Music SOciety at large&amp;the changing times&amp;artists.before there was a Carson Daily&amp;a TRL there was a American Bandstand.MR.CLark had COntrol over what Artists or SOngs got on his Show unlike TRL.a Great Read.	2000-11-18
great book	coming from a Great Musical Mind like Kashif i had to read this book.i'm glad i did it's very detailed&amp;honest.i got to read this book a few years back&amp;it broke down so many different things that are taking for granted about the business.very informative&amp;to the point.Kashif is a great Producer&amp;Musician.he use to be with the group the B.T.Express.	2000-11-18
Hit&amp;Miss	Stanley Crouch i Respect his Mind.but i don't agree with alot of the things he says.he is a trip.i guess i will always have issue at some of the things he once said about Miles Davis after the 60's.Mr.Crouch likes to group things.he is a very Intelligent Man but he can go all over the place&amp;leave you hanging.these essays are interesting.I don't agree with his thoughts on Michael Jackson nor Malcolm X.deep down he probably would love to trade places with them.folks he seems to always have an issue with are Free Spirits.hint,hint.	2000-11-18
a great overview	this is a great collection of pictures.before Rolling Stone sold out this was a very important magazine.many great Artists are featured here.i like to remember what made the Magazine great in the first place&amp;this is one of them.	2000-11-18
Beauty&amp;depth	those words best describe the great mind of Dorothy Elizabeth Love.like her last name she puts alot of Love into her work.very detailed&amp;full of insight.this book takes feelings&amp;relationships into a whole different area.you come away looking in the mirror at yourself.the mark of a great story teller.i look forward to reading more of Ms.Love's work in the future.i just got the book&amp;it's very uplifting.check it out.	2000-11-09
very deep	incredible.Natalie Cole is not only a Great all Around Talent but also a incredible Human Being.this book deals with fame,ups&amp;downs.it goes from her childhood to her adulthood&amp;all the many things She has had to overcome.She is one of my all-time favorite artists.She is a great soul&amp;a beautiful Lady.this is a very spirited book.very detail book.a must.	2000-11-04
very deep&amp;moving	Marvin Gaye is one of my all-time favorite Artists.he was something else.he struck a chord with me early on.the honesty&amp;drive of his voice had so much to say&amp;feel.this book deals with the demons&amp;maddness he faced.Steve Turner does a fantastic job here.very essential book that captures the essence of the Man.there will never be another Marvin Gaye he was truly a one of a kind Genius of Hope,Love&amp;Life.a must read that will keep your full attention.	2000-11-04
SPike is The Man	A great book of Essays.Spike Lee is One OF The Very Few Artists in Hollywood saying Something.This Book Breaks Down Many Subject Matters.The Movie is a Timeless Classic.this Book adds upon it.a Must.	2000-10-12
Great Overview	a Great overview on this very Important Band.great details&amp;Storys also Pictures.this book takes you from the start to the end of them as a Group.very Detailed.I have Read other Books on them but this one has all the goods.a Friend of mine who is more into the Beatles allowed me the chance to view this Book.it's worth a Viewing&amp;Reading.	2000-10-09
A must	while i'm a big time Bills Fan i give Keyshawn Johnson madd Props for this Very Honest&amp;Open Book.it details a Season&amp;the Politics involved in the NFL.I'M Pulling for The Bills Vs Tampa Bay in The Superbowl.THe JEts were Dumb for Letting KeyShawn go.after what he had to deal with Growing up, The NFL is like Sesame Street by Comparison.	2000-10-07
Spike has made a Difference	it's Fantastic Reading about this Brother.he is Very Deep.One OF The Greatest Film-Makers Ever.he has done so much To UpLift THe HUman Vibe.it's very Important for African-AMerican Story's to be told&amp;seen Uncut the way Spike does.he gives back&amp;helps bring in New Blood.He stays Loyal.he is Challenging&amp;makes you ask Questions.A Brother with a Purpose who continues to make a Difference.	2000-10-07
A Great Music Mind&amp;Book	not only is Ornette Coleman a Musical Genius but this Book captures his Full Essence.his Music Career is Incredible.he broke  alot of Ground.his Music&amp;Timeless.this is a Must Read on one Of The Greatest Musicians Ever.	2000-10-07
Very Eye-Opening	Al Green is one of the Baddest talents the Music World has ever Heard.His  Genius is Timeless.but after Reading this Book You Respect Him even  more.alot of Artists have made music about being in different Worlds trying  to balance them out but MR.AL Green did Live it.he paid his dues like so  many Artists before&amp;Since.it's a real Eye-Opener for Many who didn't  know about this Man's Overcomings.a Must Read.	2000-09-13
A Powerful Book	this Book should Bring People Together.The Black Panthers wanted a Better  Today.still to this day we are facing the same Problems of which they spoke  on 30 years back.no misguided words here their own words.a must Read for  all to Better understanding Voices of Hope&amp;a Better Tommorow for all  future Generations.	2000-08-31
Good Book	Mr.Mosley has a touch about him that comes off in this book really well through out.alots of twists&amp;turns here keeps your full attention.worth  checking into.after i saw Devil in a blue dress i had to check out his  work.his Books have more juice than the film.	2000-08-24
Very Deep Book	this Book reflects The Importance of Talking about Death.explaining our time here on earth.Earl Grollman does a Fantastic Job here of Explaining of  how to cope with the Loss of a Loved One.though we Lose The Soul of a  Person we never Lose The Spirit.it is Reflected in Generations to Come.this  Book is Very Important from Adult to Child.ANy Age Really.Because who  Really Ever gets over a Loss?but a Book like this does bring a Form of  Comfort.	2000-08-17
A Must Read	Lance Armstrong is an Incredible Strong Human Being.He has Overcome So  Much.this Book puts everything into Perspective.The Value of Life&amp;Loved  Ones.Lance Armstrong is a True Warrior.He Never Gave up.after reading this  Touching Book You Will See him More than an Athlete he is a True Champion  of Life.	2000-08-08
A Great Uplifting Book about What's Right	Rosa Parks has always been a Very Important Figure in My Daily Life.She is  Ground-Breaking.it takes a Person to come out&amp;say Enough is Enough.No  one should be Denied Rights.She is Still to this Day A Very Strong Lady  With aLot Of PRide&amp;Class.a Must for all who Believe in Human  Rights.it's also Important for the Youth Because it wasn't that Long ago  for Back of the Bus or Seperate Water Fountains.were talking in the last 50  years.	2000-08-08
Very Wide Open Book	Ice T.always comes on point on Social Issues.He doesn't second guess  himself.he comes straight out with the way he sees the World&amp;The World  at Large around him.His Honesty&amp;Directness are to the point.He is a  Very Deep Thinker who wants a Better World.you have to Wonder Why a  Segement of Society has to Go through so Much Negativeness?very  Enlightening Book.	2000-08-08
More than Basketball	Hoop Dreams The Book&amp;Movie are Both a Must.Very Real&amp;Straight to the point.The Book Will Maintain your Full Attention from start to  finish.it brings Reality at you.this Book is Very Important to any Youth  that gets fooled by NBC&amp;these SNeaker PIMPS.not everybody makes the Big  Show.that's Hard Work&amp;Dedication.	2000-08-08
A GREAT JUSTICE FOR SOUL MUSIC!	THis is The Kind Of Book For Lovers OF Real SOul&amp;it's Early  History&amp;Impact.So Many Great Artists.this Book Is Music To The  Eyes&amp;Heart.Very Well Detailed.SO Many Styles Covered&amp;Told.It Covers  a Wide Base Of Issues.A Must.	2000-08-03
A Great Book on Isiah	I have always dug Isiah Thomas.The Brother overcame alot of Obstacles&amp;still does to this day.he doesn't always get the Credit&amp;Love he so deserves.He was a Great Player.I Loved it when  He&amp;The Pistons Beat The Over-Inflated Bulls.ZEKE was always the man.He  Played with So Much Heart&amp;Determanation.Now as Coach of The Pacers it  will be Interesting to see where the Next Journey Takes Him.I Really Dig  the Fact that he is about Black Ownership.it's Time to have a Say  on&amp;Off The Court.He has had his Ups&amp;Downs but has still Remained a  Class Act.this Book Reflects so Much About this Man.	2000-07-25
SIR CHarles Doesn't Front	I have Always Respected Charles Barkley's Game.THe Brother Can Ball&amp;for his Size he is something else.but even better has been his Honesty about the Nba.He Rips into all kinds of Issues&amp;it's the mark  solidly.The NBA needs More Brothers Like Charles who tells it like it is.He  is a Winner.this book keeps your full attention.	2000-07-24
A Class Act	Magic without a doubt is Something Special.He was The Last Complete Player in the Game.He Could Play Position.but he Proved Himself even Bigger after He Found out he had HIV.He became an Even Bigger Winner Giving  Back&amp;Building a Bigger Foundation.this Book Deals with His Days at  Michigan State,The L.A.Lakers&amp;His Views around the League.The Man is a  Champion on&amp;off The COurt.His Smile is TImeless.A Class Act.	2000-07-24
Great Book	this is a Great Book on one of Basketball's Greatest Player's&amp;minds.Bird tells of his Nba Career&amp;His Relationships with Indiana State,The Boston Celtics,Magic Johnson&amp;His View on the NBA on a  Whole.Bird was something else on the COurt&amp;Off as a Coach.A Must Read.	2000-07-24
A Must	For The Musician or Fan of some of the Greatest Recorded songs in the history of Music as we know it this is a must.this is a Book that Matters when Words&amp;Music Mattered as well.	2000-07-23
A Must Read	The More you read about Rubin Carter the more Compelling he is.the odds he overcame&amp;the way he stayed Mentally Strong when it seemed he had no hope.this book is very Honest&amp;detailed.his story will have you Hooked  for days.it's very sad.How Many times does this still happen today? The  Realitys of this Book doesn't make me feel Free as A Black Man.cuz  Injustice is way more often than not Associated with Us.very powerful book.	2000-07-19
Very Powerful	Billie Holiday struck a chord that hasn't really been properly addressed in song since.the Lynchings&amp;Blood still get my full attention.in fact it still happens in some places.this Book needs more exposure.Race is Being  tuned out except when their are Beat downs&amp;other things.a Book Like  this will keep your full attention.very Powerful.you can never speak enough  on the subject or the Impact of Lady Day's Words.	2000-07-19
very powerful	what i dig about this Book is it's honesty.Music along with Sports have brought people of all Races together but when it's over folks go back into their Enviroment.The Music Speaks of Being Free&amp;that's How People Get  into Music but not Viewing the person as a Human Being is very sad.this  book points that out&amp;more.it's cool to Emulate James Brown, but being  him?the business has always been Unequal.the charts have Pop,R-N-B/Rap(now  Lumped as one)then Country,etc.....this is a Must Read.I Understood it  all&amp;then some.	2000-07-16
A Must	Without a doubt one of the Baddest Books that i have ever read.this book talks about my Favorite ERA.it explains the importance of these films&amp;Artists.cuz at the time Tinseltown wasn't happening.the Black  Artists here&amp;their Films kept the Lights&amp;Power on.this book sheds  Light on Many Topics.the Impact of the Images have Lasting Impact.I'M Glad  that Many Artists in the book said that they couldn't stand the term  Blaxploitation.I Agree.Hollywood is a Business if the films weren't  happening&amp;Making Profit they wouldn't be on display.No Impact,no Word  of Mouth they wouldn't be Happening.not everything was cool or worth  watching but it was the kind of Charge that is needed to Level the Playing  Field.it left a Lasting Impression on Me&amp;Countless others.this is a  Must have.very Detailed.	2000-07-16
Very Solid Sharp Book	I Was Like Lazarus I Couldn't put this Book down.I Find This Book to be Very Moving.it captures so many Injustices.it shows how little value was placed on one Man.No Matter who he was or how much Money he made he was  still a Black Man.Guilty Sight on Seen.this Book also shows the  Loving&amp;Caring way of the Canadians.it's amazing what reading can do for  ones mind or the Journey it will take you on.this book is about Freedom.The  Canadians Freed Lazarus&amp;the Canadians together with Lazarus Helped free  Rubin Carter.the Importance of Reading.if Lazarus had have never read that  Book a Great Injustice would have never been solved.	2000-07-16
Tiger is The Man	This Video does a Great Job Showing The Many Faces Of TIger.different things he has gone through Race,Respect&amp;Handling Pressure.as a Golf Player The World Hasn't seen Nothing Yet.He has Worked Very Hard To reach  his Goals.He is The Modern Day Jackie RObinson of Golf.Their Has Been Other  Black Golfers, but Tiger is Taking The Game unto a Whole Different Level.He  Will only get better with time&amp;that Golf isn't an Exclusive area  anymore.He is Breaking alot of Ground.	2000-07-06
A Historic Bat	This Book is a Must for a Baseball fan.it covers so much&amp;More on the History of the bat&amp;The Many Great,Great Batters who have used it.it also does a Great job talking about the family Business.it's a Great Book  from start to finish.It's Impact The Louisville SLugger is TImeless.	2000-06-25
Great Book From a Great Mind	James A.Baldwin Doesn't Pull any Punches with this Blazing&amp;Very Much Right on Time Book.this Book Speaks Volumes about the Continued Racial Divide in this Country.He Writes With Pure Honesty&amp;RIght too the  Point.He breaks things down to a Science.A Must Have&amp;Timeless Book.	2000-06-22
RIGHT ON TIME!	MS. Jones Breaks it all down on this very essential Book.It covers many topics real well&amp;Strong.this is the type of book that was written from the Heart,Mind&amp;Soul.She's Intelligent,Straight Up&amp;Funny.Worth  Seeking out.	2000-06-18
this Book Speaks For Many in this Society	I Really Enjoyed this Book because it is Honest.it deals with America's Greatest Problem Race.this Book takes a look at Multi-Racial Culture it's effects&amp;Outlooks.fitting in&amp;still trying too Remain ones  Self-Indenity.it tackles Social Issues&amp;The World at Large.Multi-Racial  Children are Beautiful but Society at Large still thinks of the One Drop Of  Blood Rule.People Should Be Allowed too be Proud of all The Beauty that is  their Creation not Be Limited.cuz that is what makes Everyone Unique.Very  Powerful Book.	2000-06-18
Great Uplifting book	this is a very Great Self-Esteem Book.The Grandfather Reminds me of Mine.despite all of the Negative Vibes around Know that you were Created for a Reason&amp;A Purpose.that our Culture is very Important.The Books Teaching of Self-Pride&amp;Love will Go ALong way....when you Believe in Yourself  you can Overcome anything.Never Mind The way things are Portrayed on  T.V.You Matter.Understand The Rich Culture From Which You Come  From&amp;Know Where You are Going if you Believe.Very Heartfelt Book No  Matter What Age You Are.it will touch you.	2000-06-18
Very Important Book	The Negro Leagues are a Very Important Part Of Sports in General.it's a Shame that Because of The Color of Your Skin you Could Be Forbidden too Play in the Majors.but Many of the Negro League Players were Better than  Many of The Major League Players then,After&amp;Now.think about it who has  hit as many Home Runs as Josh Gibson in One Season? Satchel Paige is One Of  The Greatest Pitchers Ever.His Arm was Strong for a Really Long Time.so  much History&amp;Information here.It's Important Reading How Men WHo Faced  Obstacles Overcame&amp;Found a Way Too Play&amp;Make History no What.Very  Important Read.	2000-06-16
Very Powerful	THis is a Powerful Book On The Great Genius Of Charlie Bird' Parker.All OF The Highs&amp;Lows.He Had His Issues but at the same Time Race&amp;Society at Large Wasn't Friendly.He Overcame alot.He is One Of The FOunding Fathers  Of Music as We Know it.Very Powerful Book.	2000-06-08
Very Average	Chris Rock is Talented but I Would Never Put Him In The Same Category as Eddie Murphy,Richard Pryor,Redd Foxx or Rudy Ray Moore.I Enjoy Certain things He Says but after a While it's The Same thing Over&amp;Over AGain.he  uses the same Routine&amp;WHen You Have Heard it Once you have Heard it a  Thousand times.A Good Talent but A Bit OVERRATED.	2000-06-07
Great Book	Eddie Robinson is a Pioneer for all of Sports.it's Amazing at all The Things He saw&amp;Heard and yet He stayed Focused&amp;Became one of The Greatest Coaches at any Level of Play.it's Beautiful How Doug Williams Came  Back Too Coach Grambling State.MR.RObinson has Inspired alot OF  Brothers.even thought The NFL Has a Long way Too Go With The Black  QuarterBack Among Many Other Issues Because Of MR.RObinson A Doug WIlliams  GOt A Chance the same Goes For STEVE AIR'MCNAIR.MR.ROBINSON Broke Down alot  of Ground.A Real Stand Up MAN&amp;WINNER.	2000-06-04
Great Book On A Great Champion	Sugar Ray Robinson was One Of THe Greatest Fighters Ever.Very Uplifting of How He Overcame SO Much.He was a Great Warrior Inside of The Ring.Muhammad Ali called Him The Greatest.A Must Have.	2000-06-04
Even Better than The Movie	The Movie was Incredible but the Book is Even Better.WHen You Read About Jake La Motta it's Really Something else.this Book is Very Honest.His Battles with Sugar Ray Robinson are True EPICS.A MUST READ ON A MAN WHO  BATTLED IN&amp;OUT OF THE RING.	2000-06-04
Very DEEP	DR.Hutchinson Has A Great Mind.The Way He Connects things&amp;Speaks is always on The Money.OJ was The Latest To Learn The Hard Truth.ANY Black MAN IN AMerica Can Be Like OJ At ANY TIME.that's the Reality of This  SOciety.DR.Hutchinson does a Great Job of Presenting Other Examples.everone  is accountable for their actions&amp;what not but MR.Hutchinson's Knows  that A Black MAN IS COnsidered GUILTY NO MATTER WHAT.That's THe SAD  REALITY&amp;INJUSTICE that We Face.His Words Always Hit Home.Very Much ON  POINT.	2000-06-04
Fantastic	Jack Johnson was His Own Man.This Book Details His Battle Too Being A Champion in a Very Racist World.How No Matter What Problems He Faced He Still Was A WArrior&amp;that Speaks Volumes WHen Not Only was He The Most  Hated Negro in AMerica but also During JIM CROW TImes.Very Strong Book  About A GREAT CHAMPION.	2000-06-04
Very Powerful	Hank AAron is a True Soilder.He overcame so Much To Being The Best.I feel He is Still a Bit Underrated.If Folks Who Enjoy Sports Truly Know what he had to go thru too Reaching the Heights he did he Would Be Honored alot  More.This Book is Very Deep With alot Of Depth.He Sacrificed alot Too Get  Where He Got.A MUST READ.	2000-06-04
Very Solid Book	DR.TAtum Pulls No Punches here.this Book is a Very Informative Look at Race.it deals with Self-Esteem&amp; The Bigger Picture of Society itself.A Book Like THis Should Be a Must at the Junior High Level.Cuz By The Time a  Child Gets Too High School He Or She will not look at People in all  fairness.it starts even younger now.a Book such as this can Help any Child  Or Adult Understand Society at large a Little Better.This is The Kind Of  Reaching Out that all People Need.it's a Must Have For a Better Future.	2000-06-04
THE GREATEST!	Muhammad ALI is Still The MAN.No Athelete Since has Struck A Cord as Powerful as THis MAN.THis Book Highlights His UPS&amp;DOWNS.It says SOmething For A Person To Sacrifice their Freedom for what they Believe in  is Wrong.&amp;ALI always Stood Out.He was His Own Creation.A Fighter  in&amp;Out The Ring.A True Warrior.he has touched folks all over The  World.HE IS HISTORY RIGHT BEFORE OUR EYES.DAVID REMNICK Does A GREAT JOB  HERE.ALI WILL ALWAYS BE THE MAN.	2000-06-04
A GREAT BOOK ON THE KING OF POP	THis is a Great Book on The King OF POP MICHAEL JACKSON.He has had an Incredible Career.Despite The Certain LowPoints in His Life He Has Acchieved So Much.their is no one else like him.He is One OF A KIND.He is  One OF THE GREATEST ARTISTS EVER!A TRULY GREAT LEGEND.	2000-06-04
Very Uplifting	DR.Stewart Does a Wonderful Job Of Presenting this Book Of Facts about African-Americans.it's Important Too Know You Matter.the Contributions here&amp;The People have Forever changed The World.The People who Have  paved The Way For this TIme Period&amp;Generations too Come are Due A Big  THANK YOU.	2000-06-04
A GREAT HISTORIC BOOK	A BOOK SUCH AS This One is very important.it's ashame the way History is Taught at Many Schools especially when it comes To Black History Month? a Book Such as this Reflects Strong Contributions by Many NEGROES.it's a  Must.Very Informative.	2000-06-04
ONE OF AMERICA'S GREATEST TABOOS	THis Book is Very Well DOcumented&amp;Done.Unlike THe Media at large Today or on a Bigger Scale Hollywood who still is stuck in The GUess Whose Coming To DInner Phase Of Life? Martha Hodges Brings Too Life The Fact that WHite  WOmen&amp;Black Men have Gotten Together during Slavery&amp;After The Civil  War.Books Like this are Very Important Because if You Go By TV it's Usually  Watered Down or Down in Token Form.ALot OF Respect TOO Martha Hodges FOr  Bringing This Book To Light.	2000-06-04
GREAT BOOK	WILT CHAMBERLAIN was THE GREATEST NBA PLAYER PERIOD.He Has TOO Mention Himself Because He has Never Gotten His Fair Shake.WHen He talks About Issues He Really Hits HOme.as For All THe Women He Slept With was He Any  Worse than JFK OR BILL CLINTON? way overblown.Acknowledge His Impact as a  Great Athlete&amp;Great Minded Person.Very Intelligent Human Being.	2000-06-04
ALI:HIS OWN MAN	Mike Marqusee does a Wonderful Job Here.Muhammad ALI is a One of a Kind MAN.EVerything about Him was Freedom.HE Took The WORLD By It's Ears&amp;Ran With it.He was as Scary as Jack Johnson.Got Peoples attention the Same way  The Brown Bomber did JOE LOUIS.but He Took The Past&amp;Was Creating a  Better Future.Here was A NEGRO MAN Who Was Not Gonna be treated as A 2nd  Class Citzen.He Demanded&amp;Got the same RESPECT IN&amp;OUT OF THE RING.HE  IS A TRUE HERO.	2000-06-04
Very IMportant Book	MR.MEEKS DOES AN Excellent Job of Mentioning a TImeLess Problem.Driving WHile Black.it really does happen time&amp;Again.No Matter what Type OF Clothes Or Car You Drive it can Happen.The Book Does A Fantastic Job on The  Do's&amp;Don't's.Being Calm is The Most IMportant thing.Being Civil is also  Important.Having all of Your Paper Work&amp;Identifications is a Must as  well.it's easy too get caught up in the storm but you have too be Leveled  Headed about the Matter.but at times it's easier said than done.MR.Meeks  Covers everything really well here.Sadly Everything he Mentions Goes on  TOday&amp;We are in a New Century?	2000-06-04
Great Book	I've Followed Farai Chideya from the times she was Speaking on CNN.She is a Very Intelligent SISTER with a Way Of Putting Her Point Across On TIme.THis Book breaks Down ALot OF Things About Race&amp;Stereotypes.Her  Intelligent way Of Wording Knocks The Ignorance on it's Backs.Very  Informative&amp;Important.more Books Such as This are Needed.	2000-06-04
VERY UPLIFTING	It's SO Rare Today To See an Athlete or Entertainer Willingly give up what they have for what they believe is Right.Muhammad Ali Took On The Powers That Be&amp;Forever Changed The World.it is more than a Sports Issue it's  an Issue of SOciety.if You Respect Muhammad ALI then You Will Really Dig  this Book.	2000-06-04
Very Essential Book	Not Now but back When Albums Were Special&amp;they ROse Too The Top it was always Interesting Hearing The Stories&amp;Creative Process that went into Making them Become the Hits they would Become.and this Book Does a Great  Job Of That.hearing how your favorite Album got made or the changes going  on with it.Very Essential.	2000-06-03
WHAT THE NBA&amp;SOCIETY AT LARGE ARE AFRAID OF	THis is a Very well Done Book.I've felt Like The NBA Has Been one Big Plantation just Like Hollywood&amp;The Entertainment Business.Why? Because While Many Will Say Black Atheletes are The Majority on The Court or Field  it's The Same in Manegement&amp;Ownership.Master To Field Worker  Mentality.when Coaches with Experience get Jobs or who have never Played  that's a Hook Up.but for the World that's True Affirmative-Action.the way  it is Played Out in The Media.Look out in The Stands that is Very  Telling.Shields does a Good Job Here.It's The Same Old Same Old Good Enough  Too Entertain in the Buliding but not Good Enough Too Own it.	2000-06-03
Good Solid Book	I have always Respected&amp;Dug T-Boz &amp;She Really Shines here.Tionne Watkins is a Very Talented Sister.She has such Warmth&amp;Depth in the way She says things.She has Overcome Alot.THis Book is Worth a Checking  into.The Futre For Her has NO-Limits.	2000-06-01
VERY Powerful	This Book is a Tomb of Truth.Very Powerful&amp;Detailed About A Corrupt System.You Feel The Words&amp;Depth Of Pain,Frustration&amp;Emotions all at once.this should be Required Reading.Very Essential Read that is  Timeless&amp;Is Heavy Too The Human Mind.	2000-05-29
VERY STRONG	ROByn Williams is a Fantastic Story-Teller.Her Chracters&amp;Creations are Amazing.More importantly there is No Hatin&quot;.More Often than Not Especially Brothers Get Dissed alot in Books&amp;What not,but not here.It's  Beautiful Black Love&amp;Respect.I Hope Hollywood Gives MS.Williams a  Holler for a Feature Film.You Can Read Her Work Too Coltrane or Donny  Hathaway.She Has Genius About Her.Great Mind.	2000-05-27
MIND-BLOWING	MS.WILLIAMS IS ALL THAT&amp;MORE.THERE'S Nothing more that I Enjoy than a Well Written Book that fully Captures My Imagination&amp;Keeps My Full Undivided Attention.SHe Does all that&amp;More.I Love The Pacing.I Can Read  This Book&amp;Listen too Miles Davis's Kind Of Blue&amp;Be at Peace.Very  Essential.The LADY HAS Genius From Her Mind Too FIngers.Check it Out  A.S.A.P	2000-05-25
Very Well Done	Black Love is Long overdue too Be Viewed with Class&amp;Style.this Book Hits Home.Very Solid Pictures&amp;Poems that set the tone really well.I wish The FIlm Business would Show this more often&amp;TV as well.Very  essential.	2000-05-24
Very Well Put together Book	Vh1 does a Fantastic Job Here with this Book.Lots of Interesting Information&amp;Very Well Detailed.it makes Sense since VH1 is alot more focused On Music than MTV Nowadays.It's A Great Read For The Music Lover.	2000-05-23
Very Real&amp;Important	Having Not Only Read this Book but being in Enviroments such as this it's Something that A Larger Part OF Society refuses too Acknowledge.This Book Pulls No punches about The Surroundings.Drugs,Education&amp;Healthy Living  are Something that all People want&amp;deserve.I got Mad Respect For  HBO&amp;Charles Dutton for Bringing this Powerful Book too the Eyes.it's  Ashame when Folks say that's their Problem.it's not a One-Sided thing it's  America's Problem.Their is No WAR ON DRUGS!it's a WAR on People that Become  Addicted Too them.People Matter No Matter What.it's very SAD&amp;Racist.for  Folks want changes Read this Book&amp;try too Understand the Depths OF Pain  felt.People Need OPPURTUNITY NOT INSTITUTION.	2000-05-18
VERY POWERFUL	This Book is Fantastic.She Pulls No Punches here.States The Facts About the Struggle that still continues to this day.This Book Speaks Volumes&amp;is a Real EYE-OPENER.She is a Very Strong Sister.I Hope One Day  ASSATA SHAKER WIll Truly be EMANCIAPATED.	2000-05-16
A MUST READ	This is The kind OF Book to have for Father's Day.it Shows Overcoming Odds&amp;Battles but Standing Up&amp;Doing the right thing.You Always Hear About Jimi Hendrix The Artist but Never The Man butr thanks TO His POPS You  Get The Full Scope on Him&amp;HIS Pops.AL HENDRIX is a GREAT MAN&amp;HUMAN  BEING.	2000-05-04
PRETTY GOOD BUT MISSING SOMETHING	SNOOP IS A TRIp.A VERy FUNNY BROTHER.You GET MANY SIDES TO Him.WHich at times COntradicts most of the things He Talks About&amp;what Makes it unto Disc.Still The BROTHER HAs BEEN BLESSED.HE is Doing Many THINGS WITH His  LIFE.But I Feel this Book Would Have SHOWN More Depth&amp;Growth From Him  In Like 10 Years from Now.WHen He can Really Look Back.He Has Had a Very  Interesting Career.but it's kinda Early Too Say What His Overall Impact  will be.Interesting Now But What Happens down the Road will be more  Interesting.Like For Instance How His LAbel will do?How His Career will  go?also Him&amp;Dre Making Music in the Future?HIM&amp;SUGE? FIlms? A  REFLECTION In TIME OF DEATH ROW?NO-LIMIT? PArt 2 will be far more  Interesting in TIME.	2000-04-29
VERY AVERAGE	COMPARED TO PER NILSEN'S DANCEMUSICSEXROMANCE this is Worthy of The Star MAGIZINE.very ORdinary.THe Family Picture is the only New thing Of Interest.She Doesn't Explore THe MAN's Music Enough For Me.That's All that  Really Matters In THe End.She Should Have Said More About the Music what  She Liked or Didn't.It's very UNFocused.More Tabloid than SUbstance.	2000-04-29
GREAT BOOK ON A GREAT ARTIST	JIMI HENDRIX IS DONE JUSTICE HERE.VERY DETAILED&amp;More Importantly talks About His Craft.The MAn was AHEAD OF HIS TIME.HE Had so much To Offer.His Vision Broke Down Barriers.THE POWER Of HIS MUSIC is still very much felt  Today.HIS MUSIC HAd Many GREAT ELEMENTS About it Just Like THE MAN  HIMSELF.He was Very Much A Work In Progress.He Worked Very HArd at Being  THE BEst.it's a Shame that He had to go ABROAD to BE ACCEPTED for HIS GRAND  TALENTS.BUT THE WORLD OF MUSIC IS EVEN BETTER 30 Years Later FOR HIs GIFT  OF TALENT THAT is TIMELESS.	2000-04-29
VERY IMPORTANT BOOK	THis Book is SOlid from start to finish.Tupac was a Very Important Artist that Left This Earth way Too Soon.It WOuld Have Been Interesting to see how his Life Would Have Turned Out in Time.THis Book Shows All The  Highs&amp;Lows In the Life Of This Brother.Though I was Mixed with His  Music Career I think He was A Great Poet When He Wrote Good Stuff.Also He  was GOnna Be a Great Actor I Believe.He was A VOice that effected  America&amp;The World.	2000-04-23
HIS MOST HONEST WORK	TUPAC WAS A GREAT POET PERIOD.THis Book Reflects His thoughts on How He Saw The World&amp;wanted things to be.How he felt.He Was A Proud Brother GOing Thru Life Trying to FInd Himself&amp;Make Sense of the World Around  Him.The MAN Has Alot OF Depth In this Book.It's A Shame we will Never Know  How this Brother Would Have turned Out.but one thing is for sure he Left  his Work&amp;His Words Will never be FOrgotten.	2000-04-23
VERY WELL DONE	THIS BOOK IS A MUST.NEVER mind what the Media says this Book sticks to facts&amp; is very Honest&amp;uplifting.It's A Book Of Overcoming&amp;Having Faith Thru out the Maddness.this Book will Widen Your  Mind.	2000-04-18
ALways Interesting Subject	I Never tire of Miles Davis.any Book on Him gets my attention at full wide-eyed view.Quincy Troupe does a Solid Job Here.He Captures The Essences of Miles.Very Good Follow-up.Miles Davis is a Great Teacher of Music.His  Music was as Interesting as His Life.	2000-04-16
POWERFUL BOOK!	REV MICHAEL ERIC DYSON Is a Great Writer&amp;A MAn of Many Words&amp;REflections.This Book is Very POWERFUL&amp;On POINT.MR.DYSON COMES CORRECT HERE In ACKNOWLEDGING THE POWER OF DR.KING&amp;THE HUMAN SIDE  OF DR.KING.DR.KING TO MY EARS IS THE VOICE OF AMERICA PAST&amp;PRESENT.HIS  WORDS&amp;VISION are still the Path to Follow.This Book makes You Look at  Dr.KING In FULL VIEW.VERY POWERFUL BOOK.	2000-04-14
A Great Book	Pat Riley has Proven how to Win on the FLoor and here he shares Team Work to the fullest.it's a very Solid Book that Allows all to shine in work together.very well put together.	2000-04-10
A Great Book	this Book deals with Uplifting Yourself&amp;those around You.Joe Torre is a Man that has overcome alot and Yet he just Gets Stronger with time.Caoching for George Steinbrenner alone is alot of work unto itself but  Joe is cool as can be.also Caoching Todays Players is a challenge but he is  up for the task.and He is a Winner both on the field&amp;Off.and so is His  Brother.what a Uplifting Story.	2000-04-10
A Great Book	Pat Riley has Proven how to Win on the FLoor and here he shares Team Work to the fullest.it's a very Solid Book that Allows all to shine in work together.very well put together.	2000-04-10
What A Lame Book	folks Make Mistakes what's the Point? Different Cases&amp;Subjects carry different Weight.but The N.F.L doesn't Reflect The General Population.also Most Of The Attack I feel is DIrected African-American Players.funny How  Nobody Mentions all the Bad-Boys Of Baseball especially Pre-Jackie Robinson  Era? cuz The Wack Racist Author was trying to Make A Point and we Know who  it was Directed to? go pick on The Hockey Players that get Paid To Assault  each other on the Ice every Night?Yeah I'm waiting for that Book?	2000-04-09
Fantastic	Berry Gordy is a Very Important Figure in Music especially In The African-American Circle.his Vision&amp;creation of Motown Forever changed the Game.He Blazed with the many Grand Talents that came out on his  Label.He is a Pioneer.	2000-04-09
A Great Read	The Temptations are The Baddest Male Vocal Group ever.and this Book Highlights the Highs&amp;Lows.it puts everything out about The Group.and it Maintains your interest all the way thru.this Book is as Grand as the  Group.	2000-04-09
Another Rich Chapter in The Life Of The King Of Pop	Michael Jackson wrote some Great Poems here and they cover many topics.Alot Of Folks don't Understand or Know How Talented he Really is.The Man has Been GIfted for so Long.He is a Great Talent.	2000-04-09
Deion has always been a class act	I've always dug Deion Sanders.To Me he has been the Most Complete Athlete of His Time.cuz He is a Good Baseball Player&amp;A Great Football Player.but More Importantly The Brother is Very Honest with Himself&amp;His  Surroundings.he has come full circle&amp;has Inner Peace.this is a Great  Book.	2000-04-09
Great Book	I Enjoyed this Book but Lists aren't Important.Cuz you can never say who would rule any given Time Period.I think all People Selected are Winners.of Course their are some who didn't make the list and therefor they should be  acknowledged as well.	2000-04-09
A Powerful Book	I'm Glad this Book is Back.Florence Ballard contribute alot to the Surpremes but  Diana Ross got all the Love.it's very Important to hear what happens to all The Artists Involved in a Group&amp;so fourth.This Book  deals with the Cut Throat side of The Business and Shows what Happens when  a Company Sides for a Main Attraction.and forgets about folks that Made the  Group Important in the first place.this is a Great Book.Very Powerful.	2000-04-09
Nothing but the truth	Mary Wilson tells The Truth and this is very Honest No-Holds.I Respect that about her here.She is A SUPREME.Diana Ross is Pulling a Destinys CHild with a Couple of Un-Known Memebers Coming in.No Diss to the Back-Up  Supremes backing DIana but everybody knows that Mary should be on stage  when they tour.Mary still Looks Fine to this day.She Deserves Alot Of Props  for what She has Overcome.	2000-04-09
Fantastic	Joe Morgan does a Fantastic Job Hearing explaining many different aspects of The Game.He Made a Huge Contribution to the game as A Player and He shares His Knowledge of the Game here.it's a Great Read&amp;Introduction to  the Greatest Sport ever.also everyone else Invloved here does a Great Job  as well.	2000-04-08
The MOST OVERRATED PLAYER EVER	This Book was very Good.But I Believe that Jordan is The MOST OVERRATED WALKING, TRAVELING, PLAYER EVER.he came out at a Good Time for The African-American Player.With Marketing&amp;all.but He will never Mean what DR.J was.DR.J did everything before Jordan&amp;did it with Class and  Dignity.But DR.J was On The Real.He Didn't Front For Nobody.this Book Shows  all The Vanity Of Jordan.He can't stay out of The Spotlight? Tacky  Commercials etc...and Bad Movies Space Jam.He was a Great Player but Not as  Great as The Hype.without Pippen he wouldn't have all the Juice he has.	2000-04-07
A Fist Of Five	Right On Chuck D.The Truth Hurts Some Folks Oh Well? Chuck D. Doesn't Front at all about The Realitys Of The Business&amp;The World At Large.It's Very Important He Acknowledges and Discuss Black Life First&amp;Foremost  cuz who else is Gonna Speak Up about The Problems in the Biz&amp;Life In  General?I Have always Dug Chuck D.&amp;Respected His Vision&amp;Wisdom.This  Book Speaks Volumes to the Truth.2Black&amp;2Strong.	2000-04-04
A Great Book	I really enjoyed the richness of the book.it covers so-many styles and History.it is very well written book.it covers alot of bases.The Different time frames and their Impact.My Only dig is that Music Writers don't acknowledge Michael Jackson enough.face The Music who has had his kind of  Impact over the Last 20-30 years?also he didn't really cover the title in  depth but i understand.still a must Read.	2000-04-02
On-Point	Books Like This state The Facts of the Importance of Black Music not only in America but also WORLDWIDE.How it has shaped the World at Large.How The Beauty&amp;Tragedy of The Music always keeps your Attention.Black Music Has Influenced everything Period.Rock-Roll was Taboo because it was from  Blues,Jazz,Funk to Rap all have been Called Taboo because of The Negro  Imput.it Plays Out on Society at Large.The Impact is so Strong that thru  out History to this day you Get a Watered Down take of it.From What Little  Richard had to Put up with thru Pat Boone among others to What The Jackson  5&amp;New Edition deal with all of these Wack Non-Singing White Boy Bands  Cashing in on a Style and Not Respecting it.Jimi Hendrix took it back Home  for us as did Michael Jackson.cuz all of The Styles are Ours.Miles Davis  was Straight Black with it.Marvin Gaye as well.James Brown among many made  Statements Heard around the World that Spoke Volumes About Us Here In The  United States.	2000-04-02
A True Must	David Ritz is a Fantastic writer period and he does a Wonderful job with Smokey.now Smokey Robinson is one of The Greatest Artists ever.He has Written songs that are Timeless&amp;are Musical Treasures.this Book is Very to the Point about the Highs&amp;Lows of The Life.also Motown The Beautiful  History of a Black Owned&amp;Operated Label that was The Soundtrack for  Many Peoples Lives.this is a Must Read.Also About Him&amp;Berry Gordy which  is History unto itself.A Great Overview not only on a Musical  Genius&amp;Legend but also a Very Together Brother.A Brother who Overcame  alot and is still Bad to this day.	2000-04-02
ANother Great Book	I Never get tired of Reading about Miles Davis.and this Book is Very well done.Eric Nisenson does a Fantastic Job Here Detailing The Life&amp;Times of The Man.all of his Musical Heroes&amp;Those He Inspired which were  many.Miles Davis is one of the Greatest Teachers of Music that the Music  World has ever Heard.&amp;Also Very Black&amp;Proud.Miles was A Brother He  Never Sold-Out&amp;was His Own Man.	2000-04-01
Breathtaking	I have yet to read a book on Miles Davis that I didn't like.this Book is Incredible very fully Writing.it deals with his Music his Life and Surroundings as A Man.the Great thing about this Book is that it sticks to  the music and that's the most Important Aspect when Talking About A Genius  As Important As Miles Davis.	2000-03-28
Breathtaking	I have yet to read a book on Miles Davis that I didn't like.this Book is Incredible very fully Writing.it deals with his Music his Life and Surroundings as A Man.the Great thing about this Book is that it sticks to  the music and that's the most Important Aspect when Talking About A Genius  As Important As Miles Davis.	2000-03-28
Two Brothers on Point	I can't say enough about these Two Great Minds of Tavis Smiley&amp;Tom Joyner.it's important to bring to Light about Slave AUctions at Christys? folks have to Understand that Majority of AMericans don't Care about No  African-Americans.Slavery is treated like Properity or a joke.folks don't  really want to know the full History of this country and how the past is  still very much the present.it's Important that our voices are heard mad  Props to Brother Tavis&amp;to the Hardest working Man on Radio Brother Tom  Joyner.Thank you for Given up The Real On The ONE.	2000-03-26
Tavis is The Man	Bump that Racist Buster From New York Tavis Smiley wrote a very Uplifting Book.He is a Very Intelligent Brother with alot of Knowledge&amp;Human interest first&amp;foremost unlike so many who forget about  People&amp;don't Remember their Roots.Tavis has Balance.that's the way to  Look at things He is a Class act&amp;I watch Him on B.E.T also he is Cool  with Another very ENlighten Brother that is a Radio Wizard TOM JOYNER.Tavis  has a Strong Mind Right On Bro!	2000-03-26
A Great Book	I really enjoyed The Honest of this Book.Now Personally George W.Bush Jr is nothing but a Slick Racist Buster who would be nothing without Money Or Name cuz he has no Game.The Only thing that he has done in TexAS IS fRY up  People on Death Row.He is The Worst Kind Of Bigot.He has No Answers for  Nothing just full of Polish&amp;Smirks.Just Like His Daddy.	2000-03-25
Another Great Book on Motown	I have always been Facsinated By Motown Records.it's so Important For African-Americans to Have A Stake in things and Berry Gordy is someone very Special in Keeping the Dream Alive.more often than Not The Women of Motown  were pretty much just show except Diana ROss but this Book kicks that down  and explores The Importance Of The Ladies at Motown.This Great Label had  Many Great Minds of both Sexes and it's Important that they be heard.	2000-03-25
Fantastic	This Book was all that.Staxx is as Important as Motown.It's a Incredible Story.especially when A Black Label Blows up Down South in the 60's.you only ever here about Sun Records &amp;Sam Phillips and his discovery of  Elvis Presley.so this is Very Important on a Social Front.The Many Great  Artists on Staxx.this Book is strong from start to Finish.	2000-03-16
The Soul Version of Jeoprady!	I'm a Music Trivia Buff and this book is alot of fun.so many interesting facts.I Love Reading About Black Music History.the Influences&amp;Many Different Eras and styles.alot of fun&amp;Facts.I call this Book the Soul  Jeoprady.	2000-03-16
Solid	Annie Leibovitz is a Pure Genius at capturing Artists.I really DuG The Pictures Of Michael Jackson&amp;Miles Davis.The Picture of John Lennon&amp;Yoko Ono has become her most Famous one.The  Whoopi Goldberg  picture is a trip but it works. I really enjoyed this book.	2000-03-14
Very Powerful&amp;Painful	this is a Must for all to have.The Books&amp;tapes show the RawNess and Emotions of Americas Worst NightMare that still Haunts Her.the Voices run Deep down your skin.until SLavery is Properly Discussed and Dealt with  America will continue to be a Land of The Unknown.a Must Have Book.	2000-02-29
A Must Look	no matter what anyone says they look at the Pop charts.Cross-Over on the Big Chart was Pay dirt.i miss the old days of hearing and watching Casey Kasem's Americas Top ten.keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for  the stars.the Pop top ten is like the tabloids if you admit it or not you  watch to see what's going on.everybody knows the hits.	2000-02-27
Very Important Book	Edward James Olmos has done alot of WOnderful things in his career. and this Project is one of them.it's very Important to Show the World The Beauty of the Latino World.every culture deserves the right to be seen and  heard at full Zenith.everybody wants a better Future and to Be  Respected.This Book is very much like the book i have of African-AMericans  in America the Many different shades of us and the many visions.it's  important to Know the World around You.	2000-02-27
Great Book	very eye Opening Book about the Genius Bob Marley.this book puts everything into Perspective about his Life&amp;music.this book has alot of Emotion&amp;depth to it.you can't put it down.just like the Man's music it  hits you straight up.	2000-02-27
very powerful	Tina Turner has overcome abuse from Physical&amp;mental.not to mention Race.this book shows a tough Lady that overcame so much and not only rediscovered herself as a Musician but more Importantly as a Human  Being.Kurt Loder did a great job.Tina still Looks great.the music isn't on  par with her Old School Stuff but she still sounds great.the movie was  equally Powerful.	2000-02-27
very insightful	Ralph Wiley is a Genius.his writing is on point&amp;very honest.it pulls no punches about Race&amp;the injustices.the Book hits you with Humor but also Realness that can't be ignored out here.a very important read.	2000-02-27
Good Book	While I'm more of a fan of The Jackson 5 i found the Osmond's quite Interesting.their whole upbringing on National Television had to have had some kind of effect.but Donny seems to be strong and taking one day at a  time.it's cool that him&amp;Marie have been close it their Individual times  of need.this was a good solid read.Patricia Romanowski is a good author i  read her Book on Latoya Jackson.that was a good book as well.	2000-02-27
very funny!	the three Stooges have always made me Laugh.they were funny back then&amp;now.this book deals with their rise and the business side.very solid Book.for any fan of theirs this is a special treat.from the first  time i saw them i was rolling on the floor and to this day i find them  amazing.	2000-02-27
A Great Book	this book was well written about Stevie Ray.it deals with the music.that is the most important thing about any artist.forget the awards,pictures,etc.. at the end of the day what kind of impact did the  Artist have on you? Stevie was gonna be huge.sadly he passed away.but his  music will Live on.Keri Leigh did a Fantastic Job here.More Authors need to  stick to the work of the subject matter at hand.	2000-02-27
very Interesting	of all the charts in Billboard this one has undergone so many different changes in Names.this chart has always reflected what was really happening in music.R-N-B has influenced all forms of music Period.from 50's Rock to  Hip-Hop.	2000-02-27
A Must	any Book on Duke Ellington is a must.he is a Teacher of Music.this Book reflects alot of his Importance to the Music WOrld at large.his work to me is as Important as MOzarts.you can never say enough about his  Genius&amp;Impact.	2000-02-27
Incredible	Martin Scorsese has influenced so many directors in Hollywood that it's mind-blowing.and the casts that he has put together speak Volumes.he is as Important as anyone in the History of film.he takes the Streets and turns  it into his own vision.he has directed some of the most important films  ever.and he still has a classic or two that he hasn't even begun on yet.a  great book.	2000-02-27
Two Bigots Together how wonderful?	well first of all Dinesh D'Souza is a straight up Bigot.i bet his next book will be on Gulliani? Ronald Reagan was a Joke as President.Jessie Ventura is Governer maybe he will be President as well? there was nothing  great about Reagan.his civil rights record took everybody back 50 years.he  was Overrated.Tip O'neil called him the Dumbest President ever.Right On!  Tip.how can you look up to a Man that had Oliver North Lie on TV?  Him,North,Bush,&amp;Clinton should have been Cellys with Nixon instead of  treated as Heroes.only a fool would Acknowledge this Man as a Heroe.	2000-02-27
Very Powerful	i've followed Ossie DAVIS&amp;RUBY DEE for a long time.and this book is solid.overcoming Race,Class&amp;Personal issues this couple have continued to thrive.i've followed MR.Davis's films such as Cotton COmes To  Harlem.also him in Lets Do It Again.and Both of them in SPike Lee's Do The  Right Thing&amp;Jungle Fever.also hearing Mr.Davis doing Malcolm X's Eulogy  Speech was moving near the end of the film Malcolm X.it's a powerful book  hearing about Them overcoming so much and giving the world twice as much  back.	2000-02-27
Long,Long overdue	this Man is a True African-American Pioneer.his voice is like silk.nobody has sung as smooth as him since.he was one of a kind Genius.this book talks about the highs&amp;Lows of his Life Growing up and until his Untimely  Death.his Importance to the Civil Rights Struggle&amp;Movement.this Book  comes correct.but no matter what the Good or the Bad this Man was A Class  Act.this is a Essential Book for any fan of Music.	2000-02-27
what a joke?	there's nothing interesting about a singer who had a good voice but just gets by now.and who slept with the Boss.who does average Material at best and that's a reach.she is a tacky turkey.	2000-02-26
Genius	A great Book on a Great Musician that put the Bottom on many of Motowns biggest songs.without his trademark signature sound the songs would have been empty.he is one of the forefathers of Bass.the Man had a  style&amp;touch all of his own.	2000-02-26
Brillant as the Man	while i await the Autobiography this book has solid moments.enough to me is never said about the Brillant mind of Quincy Jones.this is a Man without Limits and a Music Pioneer who has done it all and is still doing it.	2000-02-26
Brillant MIND&amp;BOOK	MR.RAndall Robinson is a Man that i have seen countless times on tv with the REv.Jessie Jackson.he is a very bright mind.who brings to the table this book that is long overdue.i can't stand to hear folks say that Slavery  was over 200 years ago.cuz the affects aren't over.being African-American  in America can cause Mental break downs.Repairations are giving to everyone  else but African-Americans.for the folks who ask why still remember? well  two weeks ago CBS ran the Thomas Jefferson movie.it's funny how  African-AMerican Fathers are Labled as deadbeats and whatnot.but the  President of the United States Fathered up to 6 Children with this WOman  and how much ALimony did he pay? sadly she was his Properity? that mind  state hasn't died.folks want to be treated fairly but it's not gonna happen  sadly.yhis book doesn't say Hate anyone it says it's time to wake up and  smell Reality!as the Rapper ICE CUbE once so well put it Their More  Brothers in State PEn than in PENN STATE.that's the Repairation Money.to  hide the ugly past.and slowly ignore the HUMAN PROBLEM THAT HAUNTS AMERICA.	2000-02-26
A Must Read	this was Michael Jackson before Michael Jackson.A Man who could do it all.had his own style,grace&amp;way of doing things.it's a shame he never got the Love he deserved.he was a Pioneer.he could reach so many different  styles of music and wrap them all into one.this book also shows how he got  caught up in excess Sex,Drugs&amp;Rock-N-Roll.but also the Racist Music  Business.I'm a Big Michael Jackson Fan but I know where he got his  foundation.not only from James Brown but also Jackie Wilson.Doug Carter  does a Grand job here.in a fair world Jackie would have held a title.he was  a one of a kind Artist.	2000-02-26
Great book	this is a good book on one of musics most important Artists ever.everybody knows that LITTLE RICHARD Is THE KING OF ROCK-N-ROLL!but that Elvis was a important Musical figure.this book does a solid job of tracing his  upbringing and his rise into the spotlight.	2000-02-26
Great Book	very solid book On Debbie Harry&amp;crew.I've always dug Blondie the Group because Debbie Harry Paved the Way for Madonna,Gwen Stefani,among countless others. this book details their rise to fame.Debbie Harry hardly gets the  Love she deserves.	2000-02-26
a must	back in the day this was the best visual present.if the poster was cool then the movie would get Love.a picture can tell a thousand words.and the 70's had the coolest posters and arguable the best films in Movie  History.before video tape you walk to the movie house and see the poster  and the reaction you felt led you or back the other way.a solid must have  book.	2000-02-26
A MUST READ	first of all just like his Brother he is a Pioneer.breaking Ground.this book is very essential.after the four Police Officers were found Not-Guilty in ALbany.you feel as A AFrican-American that your Life had no value before  and definitly nothing more now.you have to have faith in God and be  strong.cuz the maddness will just eat you up inside.this book maintains the  importance of awareness in all forms of Society.you have to know you matter  and let your voice be heard cuz even though we are in a New Century it's  the same old same.A Must Read.	2000-02-26
Gripping as her voice	this book has so much realness.i've listened to her music for years but this book puts the power,angier&amp;Passion all into the Power of her voice.the Politics of the Music Business and her Personel Life are all  here.this is the kind of Honesty that is Lacking from Artists of Today.Her  Life&amp;Career were a SpringBoard for Tina Turner.very powerful and  Upfront.she never forgot her roots.also another Gem by David Ritz.	2000-02-26
What A Brillant Man	i was floored upon finishing this book.this Man was a pure GENIUS.his IDeas&amp;Structures were Years ahead of the pack.his words were Forerunners for the same problems we face today that he faced back when he  was Growing up.his Challenges&amp;Debates were Legendairy.his vision of the  world far exceeded any President then or now.his only SIn was his SKin.were  if he were WHite he WOuld on a Dollar Bill.his Impact on the world will  last till the end of time.	2000-02-26
A great Book	this is a must have book.while it would have been nice to have more info on his wife&amp;BOBBY WOmack this book does a great job of reflecting his musical impact and the Rich Legacy that he left behind.it's a Shame about  his Murder.but once again Black Life in AMerica doesn't have the same  meaning no matter how influential or important you are.ANd Sam Cooke was  all of that.he has inspired countless others.his Business sense was ahead  of the curve as well.to hear him sing A Change Is Coming is still one of  the most Haunting things to me ever.Spike Lee used the song Brilliantly in  Malcolm X right before MaLcolm was Killed.you won't want to put this book  done.his voice&amp;music are as fresh then as it is now.he is a Father of  Music.	2000-02-26
A Must See	folks lie alot.but the music isn't the only thing that is important to them.an Album cover can be a seller as well.you really appreciate that if you grew up on Vinyl.Album covers in some cases reflect what an Artist is  going thru in there current state of mind.it also is a Springboard for the  Vanity Factor of an Artist.this book covers so much&amp;more.very well  Concieved.all forms &amp;Styles get full Treatment here.	2000-02-26
Very powerful&amp;insightful	i have longed Respected David Ritz. and this book keeps in the tradition.the Life of one of Musics truest Pioneers.the Battles with Race,Class&amp;everyday living are all here.a must read on a Man that is  still strong despite many Obstacles.he still finds a way to Achieve.Thank  God for Lucile.the world of music would not have been the same without his  Genius.	2000-02-26
Very Complete Book on the King Of Pop	i really dug this book on The KIng Of Pop.Adrian Grant has done great stuff on MIchael.this book gives dates of his Writting&amp;Production and ALbums released.also Concerts.very well in depth Profile on THE Man.getting  this book helped me get songs that he did for others oe sung on.MICHAEL  JACKSON is STILL THE BADDEST ARTIST ALIVE TODAY.nobody can count MJ out.	2000-02-26
a Must!	this book captures what it is all about when it comes to a recording Artist and that is the Work.Frank Sinatra had one of the greatest voices ever im music.it's timeless.it's great to read about the Musicians and  arrangers.Charles L.Granata does MR.Sinatra Justice.i can't wait to read  Quincy Jones's AutobioGraphy.when talks about being in the studio with  Frank.	2000-02-26
a great book	this book is a must for folks that respect the basics of Basketball.and who better to show&amp;tell than one of the Greatest players of All-Time in Walt Clyde'Frazier.he was a great defensive player&amp;scorer.also he knows  that Wilt Chamberlin was the Greatest Player ever.he breaks everything  down.	2000-02-13
a good book	i really enjoyed reading about Kirk Franklin.i enjoy his work alot.this book sheds light on the choices that he had to make to become the Man that he is.the good&amp;the Bad.i hope he keeps spreading the Word.	2000-02-07
very Powerful	Arthur Ashe was a class act period.the same can be said of his wife as  well.the Brother was very Intelligent and well-spoken and a great tennis  player by the way.the thing that really stood out in this book to me was  the fact when he said that he could deal with AIDS better than Racism.after  reading that part in the book you have to wonder has this country come far  at all? MR.Ashe was a well off Man and he was still dealing with Racists  views and what not.this is a Man of Strength&amp;Courage.he stood for  something.he always gave a 100% in everything he did.this book is very  uplifting.	2000-02-06
a great book	this book is a must have for all to read&amp;see.despite some progress in  Society we still have a long ways to go as far as Equality is  concerned.Money is the Law of the Land.you will never have Justice in a  Land when people have been used and treated as Slaves.one dominate group of  people Govern the rules&amp;regulations on another.everything that was done  to one group is now general Law.Andrew Hacker does a Brillant job of  pointing out things.people are accountable for what they do but by the same  Token your skin is still your calling card out here.	2000-02-06
i dug it	the book was funky&amp;frank.straight to the chase.i really enjoyed the style of writting.the book held my complete attention and i hope there is a part two.	2000-02-04
great book	reading about this Genius,Legend etc.. is incredible.the man has led a life&amp;then some.his music his life is all in this book.the good&amp;the bad.this man has many faces.David Ritz is a genius.he usually hits the mark  with whatever subject that he is writting about.a deep thought provoking  book.	2000-02-03
a true sports pioneer	Jack Johnson was a true Rebel.in another time&amp;place he would have been more respected.this book does a good job reflecting on him.it's one of the few times that he gets actual repesct.a must read and he shouldn't be  forgotten.	2000-02-02
what a brillant mind	George Washington Carver is a pioneer.his accomplishments are the foundations of this Country.a must read for all people who want to know about people that have made contributions to Society&amp;the World at  large.	2000-02-02
great book	i've followed Studs Terkel.everytime he is on tv being interviewed i listen because he is always on point about Race in America.this book is  solid in his findings.he breaks things down and shows and points out many  different kinds of issues.he is the real deal.	2000-01-29
very compelling	this book has stood the test of time for a reason.it was focused on it's subject.Richard Wright showcases his genius thru out this book.it is a real eye-opener.	2000-01-29
a great book	it's sad to think of this genius untimely death.this book is really focused and gives solid inside details.Tony Brown does a wonderful job.looking at what has happened in music since his death you have to  wonder what other directions he would have gone in.many questions we will  never know but we still have his genius work and that is timeless.	2000-01-23
a good book	i respect LL Cool J alot.i like his older music better than his newer stuff but i always keep an ear on this rap pioneer.so when i found out about this book i was excited and it was real good.the rise of his  career&amp;the inside of the business especially chapter 9.this is the  first book that i've ever read that had a sticker on it.that alone peaked  my interest.he has done alot with his career from rapping,to actor on  tv&amp;film.a good solid read.	2000-01-23
very deep	this book was a solid read about a boy and his family dealing with AIDS and the ignorance surrounding them.it was touching that people such as Elton John,Michael Jackson,REV.Jessie Jackson and others came to the  support of Ryan White&amp;his mother.he was a warrior in a zone of hate.a  very deep book and sad as well.	2000-01-23
a great book	Mr.Powell is a true warrior.overcoming many obstacles and achieving many great things in his life.this book shows so much of the man.not only is he a great leader but also a strong minded man.very loyal and very human.this  is a must read about a true American Hero.	2000-01-22
very interesting book	this book tells many different sides of the panthers good&amp;bad.but even though the way it is written may sway you one way or the other the panthers were very important to the world at large.i do feel that Huey Newton could  have been a real bigger force if headed that way.the minds of the  Men&amp;women in the Panther party are incredible.many of them have gone on  to contribute alot to this country.but if done right they would have been a  political party unto themselves.with all the party's getting  in to  politics this would have been a true challenge.i see the bigger picture of  what might have been.this book leaves room for many different thoughts.	2000-01-15
so/so	i agree with the reviewer that said she slept her way to the top.though she was a part of the group she comes across more like madonna than Angela Davis.talking about all of the celebs that gave up the money for the  party.it doesn't break any ground at all.	2000-01-15
very good book	patti labelle has always been bad.one of the greatest voices ever but to me very underrated she is a true superstar.this book covers her career&amp;personel life.the book has alot of highs&amp;lows.but the Lady  has overcome alot of Drama and continues to shine.she is in a class all by  herself.a very good book.	2000-01-15
a powerful book	Ms.Davis has overcome so much and has led a charge.she takes on human concearns.she is a very bright Lady with alot of class.in a fair world she would have been President or at least Vice -President.cuz she has vision.a  powerful book.	2000-01-15
very insightful	this book takes you on the field.it deals with race,sex,drugs,politics&amp;money.time green does a great job of pointing out the different things that go on off&amp;on the field.i dug the dion  sanders chapter.Dion is so underrated he can play two sports real well and  offense&amp;defense.michael jordan wished he was as talented as Dion.but  that's another debate and topic.this book points out the separation of  races and the lack of hiring Black coaches.the drugs to enhance play.like  Al Davis says just win baby just win.the money cap and how free agency has  changed the game.this book makes sense after this weird and clone style  season.very insightful.	2000-01-13
thought provoking	the book is far more detailed than the movie.in fact it makes the movie look dull in some spots.this book touches on my different topics and very well written.Alice Walker is a genius.she has a touch about her.this book  hits you with so many kinds of emotions all at once.very thought provoking  and a must have.	2000-01-13
a true poet	words don't even begin to describe her genius with words and thoughts.the bottom line is you either have it or you don't and she has that it.her words are timeless and have an impact on everyday life and events.this book  reflects moods but speak volumes of the world around.for anyone wondering  who is a great poet this is a great start.	2000-01-13
a great book	i saw the movie every summer so it seemed in the early 80's and enjoyed it alot.my father gave me the book and i read it all during the summer of 81.the packard a green convertible the symbol for four dudes going to  Harvard.it was something cool to read.i still have my book.	2000-01-13
very interesting	the title says it all.four deacdes of commentary.how many artists of today will get 4 years let alone 40? there was only one miles davis.who used his music wisely and took risks.now this book has commentary  favorable&amp;negative about his vast body of work.very interesting  feelings from both perspectives.i believe all artists deserve this kind of  feedback if they earn it.and believe me very few will ever get to miles  davis's level.must have book.	2000-01-12
great book very important	Mr.hutchinson asks some powerful questions in this book.it is great to see something that attacks what the media likes to try to prove as fact all the time.he handles each subject matter really well and is very direct.a must  have.	2000-01-12
typical bigot	he has a phd in what hard-core racist ways? his book offers no solutions except roll over and say yes masa.he is a big time sell-out.no class no substance&amp;blind to the fact of life. no wonder why he wrote a book  about that dead beat racist president reagan? this man mr.D'souza offers no  solutions but more problems.	2000-01-12
a powerful read	mrs.Hunter-Gault's book is very powerful.overcoming hostility and race.the fight and determination is a must read for todays youth.i couldn't put this book down.very deep.	2000-01-12
great book	first of all anyone that agrees with d'souza's racist book has got big time hang ups period.this book is well written.the folks hating on this book probably can't understand what he is saying.so they are trying to  discredit his knowledge.but when it comes to race in america most folks are  brain dead.great book to understand society at large.	2000-01-10
a really interesting book	i found this book to be really interesting.mike tyson love or loath him you can't ignore him.and this book puts alot of things into perspective about the man and the myth.all his ups&amp;downs are on display in this book and much much more.the people around him have there own interest at  heart.after cus d'amato things got really wild&amp;crazy.after all these  years mike tyson is still one of the most compelling figures in sports  history ever.	2000-01-10
fantastic book	first of all david ritz is a great writer period.now on to the book i've dug marvin gaye since i came into the world.his music is a reflection of society at large.race,sex,class,economics,&amp;faith.this book points those  things out and so much more.the highs&amp;lows.this man is one of the most  influential artists ever.you take the good with the bad.all books that have  motown related artists seem to be very good reads that says alot about not  only the aritst but also the company.i also love to hear what one artist  thinks and feels about another artists work.a must read for not only folks  that dig marvin or motown but also music in general.	2000-01-09
a great book very eye opening	this book is very eye opening.cuz it asks now what? how about respect? educated and doing well don't have to take nothing from nobody don't have to harm anybody.don't fit in the burbs don't fit in the ghetto where are  you suppose to be? ellis cose answers the questions the best that he  can.it's a very important book for all to study and ponder.you do the right  thing and still aren't accepted? this book is a great discussion.	2000-01-08
a great book	not only is he a great musician but also a very honest man about life.the ups&amp;downs of life and the music business.he comes correct and doesn't sugar coat nothing.very few artists are real and give any details.Mr. white  has overcome alot and still continues to thrive.a must read book.	2000-01-08
the truth about  the current nba	race,sex,drugs,class very much of todays sports in general and life for that matter.while the images of the nba are glossy and everybody says the right thing dennis rodman tells it like it is in this book.he breaks down the current nba and the choices people make.the other parts of this book  reflect his life.and much of it has highs&amp;lows.but as for the nba it  hits home.talks about how certain players are treated differently than  others and who has heart and who doesn't.dennis can play the game if he  wants to.i wish more people in sports and entertainment would speak the  truth as opposed to sounding like programmed robots.	2000-01-08
a great book	teddy pendergrass's book is very well written.i feel it's one of the best bio's that i have ever read.it explains alot of things regarding his music&amp;life.hearing how he started as a drummer before taking over the  mic and his years with harold melvoin&amp;the blue notes.a great book.	2000-01-08
great book	i couldn't put this book down.never mind hollywood's gangster take this book is the real deal.little man is very detailing.it's a must have for folks that love to read about folks connected to the mob.you won't wanna  put this book down.	2000-01-08
powerful!	i bought this book after hearing about it for years.i was interested.well upon reading it i was in a trance.i felt it was compelling.it was so real.reading a book like this makes you look at society at  large.then&amp;now.the reason that this book has lasted as long as it has  is that not only is it brillant but also very real.you don't have to go to  school to find this book great.look at the world around you and read it.you  will the power of it and more.	2000-01-08
great book	the aba was ahead of it's time.everything the nba is doing now was taboo back in the 70's.i'm a firm believer that another league can challenge the majors.this league paved the way for others in different sports.if the aba  had the media that the nba has today it might not have been the same.cuz  what you see nightly was done a 100% times better 25 years back.this book  was great.and a book i couldn't put down.	2000-01-07
a true maverick	this book is great.i 've read this book many times over.i like his honesty about the state of music.his influences and his impact on the music world.the things he is looking for in sound and color.his feelings on  race,class,success,ladies,structure&amp;the world.getting his feelings on  duke,dizzy,jimi hendrix,james brown,sly stone,prince,michael  jackson&amp;wynton marsalis,herbie hancock,john coltrane among many.this  book was well presented by quincy troupe.it's one of the greatest subject  matters that i've ever read.that's the vibe of miles davis.the  highs&amp;lows.i also liked the bond of him&amp;richard pryor and sugar ray  robinson.so many great moments within the context on this book.it sheds  light on personnel things in mr davis's life.a true must read on a musical  pioneer genius&amp;legend.	2000-01-07
very powerful	what i have always repected about mrs.morrison is herfrankness.she isn't afraid to tell it like it is.be itrace,sex,class,self-esteem&amp;the world at large.this book deals with subjects head on and isn't afraid to tell this story.it's a real eye opener for folks that don't realize how important it is to tell children that no matter what color or shade&amp;size that they are loved and wanted.very powerful book.	2000-01-06
brillant	i enjoyed the book alot.the man was the first triple threat acting,directing&amp;music.he could do it all.his movies were great.the characters &amp; stories were done really well.the book tells of his  highs&amp;lows.i also enjoyed the film about his life.a must read.a true  pioneer.	2000-01-06
incredible	the man was not only a great ball player but a reminder of the struggle for african-americans.he broke down so many doors.imagine having the fbi escort you to a baseball game? hate mail for breaking babe ruth's record?  jackie robinson&amp;larry doby opened the doors as well as the negro league  but mr. Aaron kicked it thru.he is a class act and a true ambassador.he  stared racisim dead in the eye and achieved.a true hero for all time.this  book states that&amp;more.	2000-01-06
very powerful	what i have always repected about mrs.morrison is her frankness.she isn't afraid to tell it like it is.be it race,sex,class,self-esteem&amp;the world at large.this book deals with subjects head on and isn't afraid to tell  this story.it's a real eye opener for folks that don't realize how  important it is to tell children that no matter what color or  shade&amp;size that they are loved and wanted.very powerful book.	2000-01-06
what happen?	i love aretha franklin she is my all-time favorite female artist&amp;singer but this book has many pot holes.coming from a lady who has most of her life been very honest in her music this is a puzzle.i  expected her to unload and really break down the music biz but that's not  happening here.if i want mysteries i'll read stephen king.i still dig my  box set of aretha's and the other music i have of hers but as for books  forget about it.the queen took a stumble here.	2000-01-06
great book	i love her honesty. she talks about race,sex,class,self-esteem and her personnel life really well.she is a true soul singer who doesn't always get the love she deserves.i've always respected her and this book took it to  another level.the music business and it's politics.very upfront.she reminds  me of my aunt so down to earth and like family.buy the book and her pips  work.especially claudine the soundtrack with the late great curtis mayfield  from 76.	2000-01-06
great book	i thought the book was great.it didn't discredit her to me.cuz if you liked&amp;respected her work then you wouldn't trip on the book.she has given the world some of the most important music ever and has been very  influential.but also she wasn't always fair to the other members of the  surpremes and fellow motown artists.everybody has two sides to the coin and  it's important for balance.she is a true diva.that word is used loosely  today.	2000-01-06
a great book	i enjoyed this book.it details so much.this man is the true king of rock-n-roll.and he has always been upfront about different subjects.he has had an enormous impact on the music world.this book tells of racisim and  the constant battle for respect and truth.this man is a true original.	2000-01-05
a must read	very powerful&amp;uplifting.it touches on many different subjects.racisim,poverty etc..who hasn't this man not influenced? to see a human being overcome so many hardships&amp;provide a innovative  sound&amp;style is incredible.but Mr.brown is a man with few peers on his  level.this book explores the legend&amp;genius of james brown.	2000-01-05
i enjoyed this book	the media found michael jackson guilty and still carries that over his head.i'm glad mrs.campbell comes out and gives a fair side of the story.journalism has gone down the toilet for me.they will write and say  anything to sell a paper.michael maintained his innocence and should be  allowed to continue with his life.i hope she writes another book on mj.the  next one back on music.	2000-01-02
a great book about the greatest	from the first time i got the book and read it i was so happy.this man was a genius in the ring and a human force outside of it.this book showcases all the many sides of the greatest.very compelling and full of insight.it  showcases the myths&amp;mystic of the man.one of the greatest bios that  i've ever read.	2000-01-02
very important book	this book is a must for all.never mind that folks try to say that tv or entertainment doesn't matter.that's b s. cuz the images of african-americans from the film world,sports world&amp;music world have  left a lasting impact.and lets be honest what other race of people have  been emulated,influential&amp;scorned all at once from a visual image? this  book speaks volumes of african-american history from the silent film era to  now.and though there has been progress we still have a long ways to go.cuz  the title of the book is still very much alive in  hollywood&amp;america.preception that is hasn't gone away.it is still  reflected in some folks mind of rap music.the use of put down terms among  rappers&amp;folk out on the streets is reflected heavily in this book.which  is a sad commentary.but this book is survial and the costs that were made  to pave the way for future generations.	2000-01-02
very thought provoking	this man is a genius.whenever he speaks or debates someone i'm all ears and eyes.i've enjoyed all of his books.he has a of wording ideas and thoughts and tieing everything as one.he could connect dr.king,michael  jackson,malcolm x&amp;stevie wonder into one with the plight&amp;struggle.i  once saw him on sinbad's vibe show with the brillant nikki giovanni and he  was talking and resighting the brillant lyrics of rakim.my mouth hit the  floor.i wish he had a show alongside of tony brown&amp;rev jessie  jackson.this man speaks volumes in this book and is highly intelligent.a  must read.	2000-01-02
a book on the greatest	i enjoyed this book so much.especially about unreleased material.michael jackson is the greatest artist ever.he has done it all and still he gets no love.it will take another 50-100 years for folks to know how great this  artist is&amp;was.i bought both books by the author and was impressed with  her knowledge and detail of the subject.i hope she writes a third.	2000-01-02
another powerful book	i could read his work all the time period.he has a way of just being to the point.he brings to light so much of what i think about and feel as a african-american man.and he has put marvin gaye titles to supreme good  solid usage's.there are many unanswered questions,fears&amp;unknowns as we  are in a new century.but a book like this answers much of what i already  see&amp;feel.	2000-01-02
very honest	this man is a legend.he is bigger than comedy.he is everyday life.this book reflects the flaws&amp;the genius of this man.i used to wait until my folks were asleep and sneak his tapes on.they were extremly funny but also  thought provoking.it dealt with issues that he was facing.race being the  number one factor.and he was very open and straight to the point about  it.sex  he didn't hold back his thoughts.same with drugs.his work is still  imitated&amp;sampled.the man has left a lasting impact on my life and  countless others.this is one of the greatest biographys that i've ever  read.captivating and honest just like the man.must read.he is the king of  comedy for me.	2000-01-02
great book	this book has so many topics and is alot of fun.the best mc's,best rivials on wax,free-style.songs that mention po-po problems,cars,sex,girls,drugs,clothes,hoods,and dreams etc.. very well  written.it gives another insight to the rap world that most folks don't  hear about.the rappers that have worked with michael jackson and lauyrn  hill's all-time favorite artists.2pac segement that will have you thinking?  puffy gets dissed so much on record it ain't even funny.it's as important  as anything that rolling stone has put out period in there history.must  have book.fun,insightful,and a piece of history.	1999-12-23
a real eye opener	this book captures so much.prince is one of my all-time favorite artists ever.but i prefer his work more in the first decade than now.which is what the author presents.finally a book that talks about his music.separating  the fact from fiction.the importance of wendy&amp;lisa and his personnel  thing.somehow the book evens things out with what he has become and  said.true he had battles with warner brothers but he was in turn taking  ideas from others and not crediting them.on stage and what have you he  seemed cool and confident but he was very insecure off.which has come up in  this decade.with alot of his musical choices.the black album chapter which  the last reviewer hit perfectly on the head was a real eye opener.my mouth  dropped to the floor in surprise. call it ironic or not prince brought back  the linn drum machine for the rave album? the linn gets alot of mentions  and props in the book.this book shows him following the james brown path of  being the hardest working man in show business.making up to 3 albums in a  six month time period never mind side songs.it's the best and most complete  reading on prince.prince a pop life by dave hill was a good b+ book but  this is a A.it talks about uptown in full detail.this book sheds light on  the good,bad&amp;scary in the life of prince rogers nelson.a must have.cuz  whether you love him or you hate him you have to respect his impact on  music and any music fan should have this book.	1999-12-18
