Dexter...gotta love him!	I found the concept of this book refreshing. A serial killer who only kills serial killers. I loved the way Dexter talked in the first person, it help to understand what he was thinking and why, plus providing more than a few chuckles along the way.  The only disappointment I had was not finding another  <br />Dexter book.  I hope Jeffry Lindsay lets us hear from Dexter soon.  <br />	2005-06-21
Wonderful, couldn't put it down.	I never read the original 1973 version, so I had nothing to compare it to.  I could not put this book down and read it in one day.  Although the concept is different than most of Dean Koontz books, it was an enjoyable read.  The concept is a intelligent computer program takes control of Susan's house because he thinks he is in love with her. When she refuses his love things begin to happen...	2005-02-27
Different mystery, enjoyable	This is the first time I have read this author and was impressed. The mystery revolves around a retired Chemist, who works on an as need basis for the police. The plot is good. The mystery keeps you guessing to until the very end. What I found refreshing is the detective is not some hot momma but a little overweight and so is her boyfriend, two people you would enjoy knowing. Over all and enjoyable read.	2005-02-24
Reader in CD Version Bad	Kate Burton reading of Firestorm, was without feeling and bland.  Don't bother getting the Audio version, the book is so much better.  Iris Johansen ought to use one of Janet Evanoviches readers, they are great.	2004-10-23
Wonderful thriller!	This is one of the best books I've read in a long, long time.  There are three different story lines going on at one time. The writer is a master in making them all come together. I highly recommend this book to any crime, murder, thriller fiction enthusiast.	2004-04-23
Out from the Green World (from a Hugo Winning Writer.)	Man had colonized the planets, and lost his birthright. Civilation was a lonely chain of space stations linked by terror. The Empire kept the pioneers enslaved with a weapon that shatterd any protest into screaming insanity.  All they had left was a dream of someday returning home. Until their dream exploded in the holocust that destroyed the Earth.  But the embers of their dead planet sparked a brain-blasting revolution that swept the galaxy. A revolution of exiles in an alien universe-with nothing left to lose...<BR>from back cover.	2004-04-23
Vengeance of the Dead	If any man has earned peace, that man should be Cormac Mac Art, exiled son of an Irish king, freed after years of outlawry from the shame of a crime falsely laid at his feet, exonerated by the High King of Eirrin. <br />But Cormac's troubles have only begun, as he finds himself staked by an evil sorcerer from the dim past, an occult nightmare who has sworn revenge.	2004-03-15
Read it in one sitting.	Someone gave me this book and it didn't sound like anything I'd want to read, I'm usually a mystery, thriller type person.  I thought I'd just read the first few pages to see what it was about, I could not put it down.  This is a book every mother will relate to. This book will rip your heart out. I love the way the book has the childs point of view, what he is thinking. Very well written.	2004-01-29
Short Stories.	Orginal title 'Three Blind Mice and Other Stories.' Features Hecule Poirot and my favorite, Miss Marple, along with Harley Quin.  9 short stories, one just as thrilling as the next.  Titles:<BR>Three Blind Mice, Strange Jest, Tape-Measure Murder, The Case of the Perfect Maid, The Case of teh Caretaker, The Third-Floor Flat, The Adventure of Johnnie Waverly, Four and Twenty Blackbirds and The Love Detectives.	2004-01-07
A thrilling, horror, suspense filled book!	Within these pages you'll find a terror far worse than any you've experienced before, because it lies exactly where you'd least expect it: in an underground parking garage...a hot new nightclub...a downtown video arcade...a huanted strip joint...a luxury hotel with an unlisted 13th floor.<br />Here are ten chilling tells of modern malevolence, each rooted in the everyday experiences of contemporary city life.  Behind the most ordeinary urban landscape lis a place where reality stops and nightmare begins.<br />Welcome to the City...the scariest place on earth!<br />I picked this book and the sequel 'More City Jitters' up at a garage sale. I took one of the books to read at the Dr's office, couldn't put it down until I read both books.  Great thrillers.	2004-01-07
A thrilling and suspense filled book!	Death lurks just around the corner in eight chilling new stories that show you the cold heart of the big city.  Familiar things turns suddenly sinister: an elevator going down to a nightmare...an afterwork date who plans a macabre end to the evening...a stranger's direction that lead straight to the grave...or a messenger who delivers unimaginable horror.<br />Prepare for a trip that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Get ready for a jornery into a far darker, deadlier place than you've ever been, where your screams echo off the merciless steel and concrete as you take the A train...to terror!  <br />Also see &quot;City Jitters.&quot; <br />Took the book to the Dr's office, couldn't put it down.	2004-01-07
Short Stories.	A must for Agatha Christi fans.  Short stories featuring Hercule Poirot, Mr Parker Pyne and (my favorite) Miss Marple.  Titles:<BR>The Regatta Mystery, The Mystery of the Bagdad Chest, How Does Your Garden Grow?, Problem at Pollensa Bay, Yellow Iris, Miss Marple Tells a Story, The Dream, In a Glass Darkly, Problem at Sea.	2004-01-07
Wanted 50 fertile Women.	Communites containing fertile women were the only centers of purposeful life, and the only such communities we the scattered settlements.  An educated and energetic young man was trapped between a society of agin illiterates and a community of selfish bigots.  The only place within reach was Sherando, and his name was reviled there.  <br />The only place the young man could think of was the Enclave.  His father said that the Enclave was the one civilized state which might survive the Chaos Intact.  It was the root fron which the settlements had sprung.  He knew little about it except it survived and lay somewhere on the far side of tha Atlantic Ocean.  Ultimately it was his only option for survival.	2004-01-07
A man &amp;woman on a perilous passage to nightmare future earth	Were they alone on a mysterious Earth were run by all knowing computers adn manned by infallible robots?<br />Were they alone in a savage world where a monstrous race of alien killers hunted them down and chances of servival grew more slender with every terrifying contact?<br />Were they alone to carry out a vital mission on which the whole future of human history depended a mission they had to discover before time ran out?<br />Devin Wells and Marianne Cowens were plucked out of the 20th century and plunged into the strangest adventure and most momentous challenge a man and a woman could ever know...<br />from back of book.	2003-08-04
A young girl''s passionate journey into womanhood.	A delicate Erasian child-woman who moved between two worlds but shunned by both.  An innocent beauty whose unawakened fires could be ignited by only one man. <br />A senuous tale of love, heartbreak and searing passion that sweeps from a remote village in western China to the teeming decadence of old Shanghi, and reaches its heart stirring conclusion in the opulent mansions and lush estates of turn-of-the century England.	2003-07-30
A Very Good Play	A wonderful muscial play about the life of Robert Louis Stevenson. Great for a school musical play.	2003-01-02
Plenty of action!	Usual Clive Clusser, plenty of action. The book was good, action-packed.	2003-01-02
A Classic.	Rancher Bill Belllounds had brought up Columbine as though she were his daughter. Out of affection for her foster father, Columbine had agreed to marry Bill's son., Jack-a drunkard, gambler, coward, and thief. But the man she really loved was cowboy Wilson Moore, and he was everything Belllound's son should have been. <br />Then the strange, clairvoyant little man they called Hell-Bent Wade came to work at the ranch. &quot;You can believe me when I say somethin' will happen,&quot; he declared prophetically. &quot;Columbine isn't goin' to marry Jack Belllound's.&quot;<br />I loved to read the dialogue, Zane Grey's books may be a little dated to the time period when he wrote them, but it's still a good book.	2002-10-14
A very good suspense novel	When David Brett's wife and two of his students are murdered in seperate incidents, David thinks it's nothing but a tragic set of coincidences, until Police Chief Decker accuses him of the murders.  Brett goes about trying to find the link between the murders and comes the conclusion the bomb that killed his wife was meant for him. Brett races against time trying to the murderer.  A very suspenseful novel that hold's your interest until the very end.	2002-10-10
Very interesting book,	Jack Furness is a mountain climber and by accident he comes upon a skull while climbing the Himalayan Mountains.  And he just happens to have a girl friend that is an paleoanthropologist, Stella Swift. After smuggling the skull back to the good ol' US of A he gives Stella the skull.  Which just happens to be the most unusal skull she has ever seen.  She is so excited by this discovery she wants to go back to the Himalaya's with an expedition to look for more bones right away.  <br />In steps the good ol' CIA with funding, under a pretense of needing to go to the Himalayan's for a weather testing expedition but needing a guide and have to leave within the next 2 weeks, if you let me go along I'll pay.  So they get their funding and are off to the Himalayan's.<br />And the fun has just begun. The expedition has all the latest technology, of course and all the comforts of home...well almost. They set out on a seek and find mission and stumble upon some very unusual foot prints the first night out. The graphic descriptions are vivid and makes me not want to be there. Very detailed and realistic discriptions. They even throw in a yogi to boot. <br />This is the first time I have read this author and will read him again. A great thriller, fast paced and a quiet enjoyable read. Don't know what the complaints were about, I have none.	2002-10-07
Couldn't put the book down.	Kidnapped by Indians while on her honeymoon in America, the Englishwoman found happiness as a wife of an Apache chief. Unknown to her English husband she had been pregnant when he left her wounded when the Indians attacked. Sarah had found peace and happiness until her Apache husband was killed.  Her adopted tribe faced a journey to a reservation in Florida. Sarah knew she had but one choice but to return to England and claim he son's birthright. Although her son had been raised for 16 years as an Apache he was an heir to a great Yorkshire estate, his father an Earl. <br />The Earl believing she died in captivity, he married again, never forgetting his first wife. When she returned he drove his 2nd wife insane and banished his gypsy mistress.  Sarah would risk all to secure her son's future, but could her savage son learn to live as an Englishman? <br />Lots of twists and turns, plots and subplots. Almost like reading a soap opera. Enjoyed the book emensely.	2002-08-26
Hard to put down.	Not your typically Stephen King.  The story is about a little girl who gets lost in the forest and her love for a baseball player name Tom Gordon helps keep her going.  You feel for the child every inch of the way. You feel her pain and fear. Stephen King has really out done himself.	2002-08-26
Surprize ending.	I have never read any other books by Phillip Margolin but I liked this book.  It takes a look at the legal system and the lost memories of people. How witnesses can be turned to \\"remember\\" events that never occured. This novel reads more like a true crime novel with all the plots, twists and turns. It sounds like Margolin got the idea from this novel from an old retired cop. Just when you think the novel is over and your sympathies are all lined up, there is a death bed confession with a surprise ending.  Keeps you guessing until the very end.	2002-08-26
Beautiful!	As a great lover of medieval art this calendar is just beautiful. Every month a new work of art to gaze at. Highly recommended.	2002-08-26
A Steamy Novel	Sun, sex, sin, and scandal in a small town with big money. Enjoyed the book!	2002-08-13
Practically love at first site.	Collen knew she was in trouble the moment she opened the door to Lyon Haggerty.  She was suppose to cut his hair but was having trouble concentrating.  Lyon obviously thought they should become intimate and began a sensuous assault that soon had Collen seeing his way. <br />Great story.	2002-08-13
Good Reading	Biological changes are beginning to occur.  People are sick, their minds are confused. Children are being borned dead or deformed.  A family of campers has been found dead, mutilated by something using incredible brute force... The prophecy is beginnig to be fulfilled.  Very interesting considering all the pollution, etc.. now in the world.	2002-08-13
Wonderful love story	After the slaughter of her husband and child in the chaos of the Civil War, Sarah Peters had been taken prisoner by the Comanche.  Freed at last she returns home only to be shunned. Sarah agrees to marry rancher Hunter Tate in name only, and went to live with him in a place where no one knew about her in Texas. But soon she started to fall for Hunter.  <br />Great read.	2002-07-24
New Breed of Warrior.	Part human and part machine, the Warbots are America's 1st line of defense with indestructible armored giants with computer minds linked to the brainwaves of their human masters, in a techno-war in the 21st century.  <br />Interesting and fun to read.  Love the ending.	2002-07-24
Hard to put down, great writer!	Anthropologist Dutch Van Deer discovers a find of a lifetime, an underground cave of indian artifacts and graves.  Some of the bones do not appear ancient and Dutch sets out to try to find out who the bones belong to and runs up against a stonewalling police department, an angry Native American community and a menacing, megalomaniac industrialist, and an ex-love of his life. As Dutch gets closer to the truth, the unimaginable happens...the murders start up again.  <br /> Gary Gottesfeld is a wonderful writer.  I have read all of his books I have gotten my hands on.  He only wrote 4 or 5 books and quit.  I'd love to find out what happened to him.  If anyone knows please let me know.  Thanks, Linda	2002-07-22
Hard to put down, great writer!	Anthropologist Dutch Van Deer discovers a find of a lifetime, an underground cave of indian artifacts and graves.  Some of the bones do not appear ancient and Dutch sets out to try to find out who the bones belong to and runs up against a stonewalling police department, an angry Native American community and a menacing, megalomaniac industrialist, and an ex-love of his life. As Dutch gets closer to the truth, the unimaginable happens...the murders start up again.  <br /> Gary Gottesfeld is a wonderful writer.  I have read all of his books I have gotten my hands on.  He only wrote 3 or 4 books and quit.  I'd love to find out what happened to him.  If anyone knows please let me know.  Thanks, Linda...	2002-07-22
I enjoyed the book!	I loved the characters of this book.  Funny, warm-hearted historal romance set on the Mississippi River and Louisiana swamps.  Catherine and Patrick,aka Stone, will keep you guessing if they will ever come together.  It was hard to put down, they don't write them like this anymore.	2002-07-08
Short stories from some of Sci-Fi's Great Writers	This is the 2nd volumn of Synergy, the twice a year collection of new science fiction. Great Stories.<br />Authors include: James Tiptree Jr, James Morrow, Howard Waldrop, Daniel Pearlman, Robert Frazier, Marc Laidlaw and Rudy Rucker and Andrew Joron.  Edited by George Zebrowski	2002-07-08
Suspenseful, believable, a psychological thriller	A successful single business women living by herself in a high rise...and some one is watching her. The walls have eyes... He knows her every move...	2002-07-08
A Glorious Summer with Every Human Passion!	In the summer of 1902 everything was so perfect in the tiny English village and then the Barshiskey's moved it and turned the next door neighbors, the Willoughby's, world upside down.<br />Every minute is enjoyable, from the domestic intrigue in the village's fanciest homes to a frenzied love affair in St Petersberg, from idyllic afternoons in Tyler's Meadow to  frozen, frightened nights in Quaker camps devoted to the Russian poor, from its splendid beginning to a happy ending you will savor every minute of it, just as I did.	2002-07-08
Great Mystery	A priceless Rembrant vanishes, a Remington sculpture becomes a deadly weapon. A musuem guest is nearly murdered. The police is baffeled. So how can Gin, the assistant director, not investigate the goings on in her museum.<br />Delightful read, fun, and interesting to the very end.	2002-07-07
Sequel to The Viking	I love the Viking sagas. Full of excitement, passion and love. <BR>Must read!	2002-07-07
Good Reading	Sabrina only wanted to find her long lost family not to seek any part of their vast fortune.  But the Duke Oliver Carrick thought the worst of her. When the dowager duchess pressed her to marry the duke, Sabrina had already lost her heart to him. But the duke wanted none of it or so he thought....<br />A great little love story.	2002-07-07
I enjoyed the book!	Jed Keller came to make peace with his sister and the man she married. When he arrived at his sisters ranch, her ranch was burned and his sister was dead. Jed sets out to find his sister's killer.  Action packed, enjoyable read.	2002-07-07
I enjoyed the book!	I found it a very light &amp; hot romance story. So what if it didn't go into a lot of the indian background! I found it a delightfull read and enjoyed every moment of it.	2002-07-07
Great epic	This book is about the Australian settlers and their experiences, love, tragedy, and determination not to be beaten by the Australian wilderness. Very exciting.	2002-07-07
Great Thriller	The connection between seemlingly random deaths but is of vital importance to the Japanese economic superiority. As the death keep mounting up FBI agent Jack Graham is drawn into a bizarre investigation with a society whose national purpose is to keep westerns outside. Where at every turn road blocks are thrown up. One thing is clear to Graham that he is fighting an economic war between American and Japan all by himself. What he didn't know about the Japanese could get him killed...<br />Enjoyable.	2002-07-07
They don't write 'em like this any more.	Alisha was swept overboard and rescued by a handsome rouge (of course) of a captain.  The normal passion, love ya, hate ya, love ya and want ya, but it's fun getting there. <br />It was a great read and I haven't read one of these in years and forgot how much I enjoyed them.	2002-06-25
I found this book not only interesting but quite enjoyable.	This is the story of a family, from the first Abraham who witnesses the burning of Jerusalem in 70 AD to an Abraham who dies in the Warsaw Ghetto during WWII.  <br />A new look into the Jewish history and their prospective on world events, quite different than the Christian prospective. <br />I found this book not only enlightening but quite enjoyable and very hard to put down.  <br />A must read for any history buff.	2002-06-25
I found this book not only interesting but quite enjoyable.	This is the story of a family, from the first Abraham who witnesses the burning of Jerusalem in 70 AD to an Abraham who dies in the Warsaw Ghetto during WWII.  <br />A new look into the Jewish history and their perspective on world events, quite different than the Christian perspective. <br />I found this book not only enlightening but quite enjoyable and very hard to put down.  <br />A must read for any history buff.	2002-06-25
I found this book not only interesting but quite enjoyable.	I found the book not only intriguing but very enjoyable. The plot came together very nicely and I liked both of the main characters.  <br />With new developments in modern medicine, making the deaf hear is very real.  This may not be a great classic but it was very well written and very enjoyable.	2002-06-25
No all that bad.	I've never read a Joan Wolf book before, therefore I had nothing to gauge it by.  I liked the book. The idea of someone wanting to marry for love is quaint but I can't fault her either. Just because someone is handsome don't mean you have to sleep with them, there are some really good looking guys that are so wrapped up in themselves they don't have time for anyone else. <br />A lot of people married for convenience not for love. And given the option to marry and get rich or not marry and remain poor, I'd choose married in a minute.  The coming together of the two is what makes the book and a little suspense makes the book interesting.  <br />I don't understand all the complaints about the book, I've read plenty of bad, gosh awful books before and this is not one.	2002-06-08
Winner of the Cowboy Spirt Award	The Reverend Titus Jacoby came to Cimarron on a mission, to put himself up as bait for a coalition of corrupt landowners. In fact he is really Cole Braddock the Wests most notorious manhunter in disguise. With help from a lady friend Braddock will bring the landowners down. Fast paced and action filled.	2002-06-02
A great love story.	Silkie's mother had spurned Wade Ashford's affections and now he was going to make her daughter pay for it. After Silkie's mother died, Wade sworn to ruin her daughter so no decent man would want her. But a young sea captain was in love with Silkie and stood up to this ruthless and violent man, vowing to make her his wife.	2002-03-15
A great help and learning tool	Easy to understand writing. There are 2 lines to every sentence to learn. One in German, two in english pronuncation of the German words, and 3 the Englis translation. <br />I found this book very helpful on my trip to Germany.	2002-03-15
Psychological Thriller.	An Asst DA from NY is back at her home in CA for a reunion with her best friend. When her friend disappears and migrant worker is found crucified on her property, all the evidence points to her friend being the murderer. <br />This story is gripping and keeps you guessing until the very end. I have read all of Gary Gottesfeld's books and have enjoyed them all. <br />Does anyone know what happened to Gary, why he quit writing? I have tried to find out with no success.	2002-03-14
A wonderful tale of suspense and drama.	A true sense of the raw Oklahoma landscape, colorful Indian folk tales that help authenticate a bygone era, a bittersweet western epic.<br />His Indian name was Went On A Journey.  In 1904, on an Oklahoma reservation, the missionaries named him David Cooperfield. But the full blooded Kiowa Indian was destined for a fate that would take him from the bosom of his people, hunters who lived in a world of sacred rituals and reverence for the land, into the white man's world and fabulous wealth.  Along the way, David, would become bound to two women, one white and one Kiowa, and caught up in frontier filled with greed,lust and violence. As the nation of his ancestors faded before its conquerors, David would struggle to forge a new vision for himself and for his Indian past...	2002-03-05
A well constructed thriller.	fast paced and gripping. <br />France 1944: a child is born amid the rubble & panic of a bomb torn German prison. <br />Forty years later, a convicted merderer bleeds to death in a prison cell, and an ambitious Foriegn Office minister receives a letter which makes him start in terror...<br />Three seemingly unconnected everts-but 'Spider' Scott and George Bulman, joining forces once again to investigate Gordon Chesfield's mysterious death, gradually unravel a complex and sinister maze of blackmail, murder and corruption which has its roots in the Nazi Occupation of France.	2002-03-05
I enjoyed the book	While this is not the greatest book ever written, the concept is very interesting. I found the book entertaining and enjoyed it. Similar to 'Journey to the Center of the Earth' idea but with Neanderthals in the mountains.	2002-02-24
Cleverly Written	I loved the Detectives in this book. The plot and turns keep you guessing until the end of the book. Highly recommended.	2002-02-13
A great thriller	The death of Lee's father was just what she needed to return home to CA. From the moment she arrived, her instincts as a journalist told her the crash that killer her father was no accident.  Lee set out to finish an expose her father was working on at the time of his death.  Then the threatening phone calls, someone trying to run her off the road warned her that her father had been onto something very big. Tony, her father's lawyer was the only person she thought she could trust. But he refused to believe anyone was out to get her...	2002-02-08
Hard to put down!	This is the first Michael Connelly book I've read and I can't wait to read more.  This book keeps you guessing until the very end. Once you think you have it figured out...you don't...then you think you have it figured out again and your still wrong.<br />I enjoyed the book and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a good thriller.	2002-02-03
Great horror book	this is the first novel of Piers Anthony's I've read. I liked the way the characters all came together. Its about &quot;something&quot; going around killing people, leaving only the bones and skin shell. With pheromones the creatures renders the victims helpless(horny) and death soon follows.  About losers coming together. About sexual and physical abuse and the consequences of the abuse afterward. Plenty of Sex!<br />In the afterward Piers Anthony states that the book was banned by bookstores (they would not sell it) because of the content.	2002-01-17
A collection of 18 stories	This book is about possiblities that challenge our most basic assumptions, set forth promising new realities and offer hope for the future. Each story deals with desperate people embroiled in conflict, who choose to turn away from violence or war,who realize that humans &amp; other races can learn to live in peace. The eighteen stories are written by some of science fictions brightest talents.	2002-01-11
A Unique Story	This is a unique western,a story you would not normally expect to find in a western. A very pleasant surprize. The book reminds me of the old time Saturday serials, thrills in every chapter. Quick paced, action packed. A gunslinger receives a letter from his mother asking him to take his brother, who he detests, to Illinios, and someone chasing him the whole way.  <br />I normally don't read westerns but found this one enjoyable.	2001-12-23
A book of real importance!	Tells the true story of Sitting Bulls last attempt to roust the White Men from their land. <br />Compelling and powerful.	2001-12-16
High Adventure, Enjoyable	Skeen, space pilot, trader, collector, and theif had come to the world of Mistommerk through a bizarre Gateway in time and space. A gateway which only one of its creators, the mysterious Ykx, could reopen from the Mistommerk side. So Skeen began her search for Ykx, a search that would take her into 8 different domains with 8 different races which dwelt together in an uneasy peace. <BR>Soon Skeen's quest upset the delicate balance of power on Mistommerk, and she and her new found friends, found themselves pursued by bloodthirsty assassins, determined to end their lives before they could unlock the Gate between worlds and escape with Mistommerk's most precious treasure. <br />Well written and quite enjoyable.	2001-12-15
Very Interesting	From the end of the eighteenth century to the beginning of the twentieth, a handful of investigators braved the dangers of the unknown and discovered the fascinating and spectacular history of a lost culture. <br />Early explores such as Dupaix, who accepted a commission from Charles IV, discovered remarkable achievements and disappeared suddenly after his third expedition. Or the lawyer John L Stephens, who covered more territory and examined more Mayan sites than any previous explorer and made the first record of Mayan accomplishments. And there was the physician Le Piongeon, who claims to discovered a race of giants and dwarfs, and encountered the legendary Chacmool-The Tiger King. <br />Fascinating journey into history and exploration.	2001-12-15
Wonderful, love Zane!  Classic!	New Englander Wayne Cameron longed for the wide open spaces. He heard of the daring feat proposed by Western Union to join the two oceans by telegraph wire. He siezed the chance to work for them and to explore the Wild West. Soon the savagery of the Indians, the raging torrents and devastating prairie fires, the stampeding beasts and the bloody fueds betweent he ranchers and the settlers almost sent him packing.<br />But before the first message sang across the wires from Pacific to Atlantic, Wayne had won the love of the haughty Kit Sunderland and the right to call himself a cowboy.	2001-12-15
A rare find, I enjoyed the book a lot.	The Rogue River could make a man rich overngiht and leave him dead in the morning. Some were lured by the promise of gold, others by the salmon that swarmed in its raging currents. Now Kevin Bell came to make himself a life, after two years in an Army hospital, in nauture's raw wilderness, where a man's future hung by a slender thread-and some by a hair trigger.	2001-12-15
A Wonderful Fantasy, the best I've read in a long time.	To the forest on the shore of the Kingdom of the Isles, the orphan called Pug came to study with the Mater Magician Kulgan. But though his courage won him a place at Court and the heart of the lovely Princess, he was ill at ease with the normal ways of wizardry.<br />Yet Pug's strange sort of magic would one day change forever the fates of two worlds. For dark beings from another world had opened a rift in the fabric of spacetime to begin the age-old battle between the forces of the Order and Chaos.<br />Very well written. Exciting.	2001-12-13
Great Western!	Texas was a lawless land when Jeff and Rachel Becket crossed the Red River with their wagon party in 1840. They were the first, real American pioneers. Some of the wagon people became ranchers, some became outlaws. <br />It wasn't easy on the frontier, surviving Comanche raids and the brutal forces of nature. With sweat and strength they struggled to carve an empire out of a wilderness. And for Jeff Becket it was a battle he'd win or die trying.	2001-12-13
A Superior, Rousing Adventure!	An entertaining tale of high-sea's adventure and exotic fantasy. Goods vs Evil. Very entertaining!	2001-12-13
I loved this book!	Has just about everything a fantasy fan could ask for. It has humor and tears and romance, just what I love in a nice fat novel. This is a great book even if you hadn't read the earlier trilogy. A lively tale, where engaging characters inhabit a well-rounded fantasy land.	2001-12-13
An Impressive Achievement	The final volumn in a masterly trilogy, beautifully written. I found this one every bit as fasinating as the first two volumns. A satisfying conclusion to a trilogy that opens the reader's eyes to the hope and possiblity of science. Don't know why anyone would complain about this volumn, I found it enjoyable.	2001-12-12
Satisfying	This is the first China Bayles novel I have ever read and will be reading more. I liked the Texas setting with a true Texas Chili Cookoff in the Texas Hill Country. The recipes are great. The mystery kept you guessing until the very end. Easy, quick to read and very satisfying. <br />Highly recommended.	2001-12-12
An Enjoyable Fun Read	A kidnapped on a warrior-astroid. Only his escape can prevent intergalatic holocaust.<br />In the sin-filled supercity of Villus, where man's every sensual wish is an android's command...and the voluptuous Princess Ardala has big plans for Buck.<br />Plus lotz more adventures in this book! Fun to read! Loved it!	2001-12-12
2 stories, 1 book	Father of the Bride-Russ Shaw was returning to St Louis for the first time in 25 years, at the request of his daughter. Diane wanted him to give her away at her wedding, but Diane's mother objected. When the bride's parents confront each other, they rekindled their love. <br />Handsome as Sin- Jake Devereaux was a lot more than a sexy commone theif, he was a wealthy one with a questionable MO. Charisma clung to him, as did an air tight alibi, much to Ellie Tanner's dismay. A murder had been committed, and if Jake hadn't done it, then Ellie was the prime suspect!	2001-12-12
A fine Translation by John Brunner	This story concerns the adventures in time of a gladiator who eventually comes to fight for peace. A very enjoyable read.	2001-12-12
A true Classic	Stoner knew. The fiery object hurtling toward Earth was an alien spacecraft. But the world might never know. He was trapped behind a curtain of secrecy. Because the discovery had shattered the world power balance, setting of a struggle for supremacy that raged from the sacred halls of the Vatican to the corridors of the Kremlin and the Pentagon. The forces of fear and treachery would use any weapon at their command to keep the world in darkness. <br />Helped by a Soviet linguist and a young student, Stoner planned a desperate mission to preserve the legacy of the star vouager for all mankind.<br />The burearcratic politics of a space classic is pure Bova. And the sense of awe when Stoner finally gazes upon an alien face is pure art. This is the most convincing account I have ever read of how mankind might react to first contact.	2001-12-11
10 Great Sci-Fi Stories	In this volume are the Hugo Prizewinners for 1973 through 1975, each with an introduction by science-fiction master Isaac Asimov. Among these special and fascinating stories are &quot;The World for World is Forest&quot; by Ursula K Le Guin, &quot;Goat Song&quot; by Poul Anderson, &quot;The Meeting&quot; by Frederik Pohl and CM Kornbluth, &quot;The Girl Who Was Plugged In&quot; by James Tiptree Jr, &quot;A Song for Lya&quot; by George R R Martin and &quot;The Hole Man&quot; by Larry Niven. <br />This volumn provides a treat from the very best writers chosen by the most prominent people in their field. Truly superior science fiction.	2001-12-11
One of the Best Sci-Fi's I've read in a long time!	Jeff Font returns to Earth to seek vengence against the planetary mogul who had framed and destroyed Jeff's family. But Jeff's plans backfired; he was captured, drugged, rammed through the computerized court system, convicted and ringed.<br />The &quot;Ring&quot; is a surgically implanted electronic monitor that automatically caused unendurable agony when a convict strayed. A ringer can do no evil, think no evil, see or hear evil without ratting to the robocops, nor can he defend himself or others from insult or injury. <br />In a corrupt world of licensed sin and satanic parties ringers are the ultimate victims. But the ring's data banks hadn't factored in Jeff's strength, courage, and his will to fight society, the world and the agony of the ring to unravel the plot that entrapped him and to see justice done. <br />Hard to put down. A Sci-Fi must read! Highly recommended.	2001-12-11
I loved it!	Nancy is on a tour of Europe and discovers that their leader is on a secret mission to help 10 refugee children. This is more of a spy mystery but it was very good anyway.	2001-12-10
I really liked the book!	I loved this mystery. It's a story about a frat prank that got way outta hand.	2001-12-10
Taut and Gripping	Tippette presents a host of believable characters that came alive with history. And old story told in a different way. Tippette uses vivid descriptions that gives the reader glimpses of the rugged old West.	2001-12-08
Hard to put down. Great story!	Emma knew very little about th man she had met and married in the matter of weeks. But she did know she loved Barnaby Court very much. <br />Then unpleasant rumors started, that Barnaby's first wife disappeared under mysterious circumstances; that no one really knew what happened to the two pretty young governesses who simply ran off without cause of explanation. <br />Emma trusted her husband, she asked him no questions. But when a pathetic, lonely grave turned up in the field, her loyalty turned into cold, hard fear. <br />Keeps you on the edge of your seat!	2001-12-08
Very informative.	Well written, easy to understand advice on raising a cat. Lots of Color Pictures. Has a glossary to explain cat terminology. Data on different cat breeds.	2001-12-08
A Good Book with a Bad Ending.	The book was the usual Aurora Teagarden mystery, but why Charlaine had to end the book the way it did is beyond me. The ending was not what you expected and very disappointing.	2001-12-08
Exuberant and Intelligent.	Peggy is the most likable character I've met in a long time. <BR>Enjoyable, totally absorbing. Pure, straightforward mystery sure to appeal to those who prefer a puzzle to mindless violence.	2001-12-07
Great Romance	Unlike Pontmarie I found the book enjoyable and a wonderful love story. I loved Flaming Arrow's character. This book is set in Montana Territory, 1875, just before the west completely tamed. Hard to put down.	2001-12-07
Very enlightening	The Roswell Incident was the most important UFO encounter of our century. The facts about the incident are still being hidden from the American public. This ground-breaking book not only explores every aspect of the mysterious UFO crash near Roswell, NM, but also probes the bizarre government cover-up that began within hours of the discovery and has continued up to the present day. <br />Fully Illustrated.	2001-12-07
Great Book!	It's likely that readers who have watched many of Alfred Hitchcock's films can't help but have noticed how frequently he depicts fetishism, sadism, and voyeurism. Because Hitchcock was a reclusive man and a guarded interview subject, almost everyone who writes about him turns to his work for insight into his life. These writers generally conclude that the director himself was possessed by the very pathologies that resound in his movies.<BR>But John Russell Taylor didn't have to go that route. He wrote this biography with the participation and blessings of the man himself. In Hitch, Taylor admits that his subject often projects his fantasies onto the screen. He also provides a good deal of insight into Hitchcock's domineering, obsessively courteous demeanor. But the focus here is on the details of Hitchcock's life, the preparation and production of his movies, and his relationships with the countless cinematic luminaries who worked with him, including Ingrid Bergman, Cary Grant, Grace Kelly, and James Stewart. --Raphael Shargel	2001-12-07
A key to enhancing your relationships.	Very enlightening and easy to understand. Would highly recommend it.	2001-12-06
Gracefully, perceptively written	On the top floor of a boarding house, under the skylit roof of his art studio, Jeremy Pauling lives in a world of his own design, a fortress as fragile as it is impenetrable... But enter one woman who causes the walls to come tumbling down.<br />Forceful, magnetic...clear and luminous...extraordinary!	2001-12-06
Great Cook Book	While some of the meals take more than an hour there are some that take as little as 20 min. I like the varity of the recipes and helpful hints and instructions with pictures. I would highly recommend this book.	2001-12-06
Phenomenal!	Ben Joe Hawkes has been surrounded by women his entire life. With his grandmother, mother,and all his sisters he has always felt like an outsider his life, plus he's a worrier.  Ben Joe has come home after law school and surprisingly enough, this crazy visit to his childhood home send Ben Joe into an exhilarating battle with his own heart-where unforeseen love demands his surrender...<br />Only a rarely talented novelist could have written this fine book!  It's funny, serious, touching, zany, delightful, revealing and more!	2001-12-06
A wonderful read	Willard Scott shares his story of his life. Of growing up in Virginia in love with nature and God. Of being so excited about TV and radio that he took any and every job he could on his way to the top. Of finding in traditional values and close family ties the strenth and peace to succeed in the big time without losing himself to sucess.<br />The book is a joy to read.	2001-12-03
Love might not be enought to save their lives	Twenty-eight years ago, Katherine was abandoned as an infant on the NY waterfront. Now she is searching for her identity. But the TV newsman who loves her will stop her in any way he can to keep a deadly secret buried. A cold-blooded killer is tracking them both-to a lost fortune and the last witness to his Nazi past. Action packed. Hard to put down.	2001-12-02
Accurate &amp; Insightful Picture of the Pentagon	A commonsense approach to the workings and guidebook of the Pentagon.	2001-12-02
I loved this book!	it's funny, it's madding but it's great. It's the first book I have read by this author and cannot wait to read his other works.	2001-12-01
Loved it.	If Bob Kell hadn't shown up at the orgy in London years before, he probably would not be in the spot now was in: botching a Soviet defection' losing his girlfried, and receiving the most bizarre job offer of his life.<br />Fast paced, action packed, hard to put down.	2001-12-01
I enjoyed the book	I am not a romance reader but enjoyed reading this book. The whole book was great but I was very disappointed in the ending.	2001-11-30
Great Book	Conflicting military forces are able to work together, to help shape a world freed from economic need and global annihilation, and are ready to colonize the stars. This book will inspire  those who dream of exploring  the vastness of the last great unkown.   A great adventure.	2001-11-30
A winner of a book!	Tim Stafford explores the seven stages of aging, giving practical solutions and inspirational insights to the day-to-day problems encountered by those over 65 and their caretakers. This time of life is an important period shen families share concerns and form the basis for healing through experiencing, receiving and giving love. Mr Stafford presents aging, not as a problem to be solved, but as a gift from God, a time of life and growth and joy for those who have the eyes to see.	2001-11-26
Another Magnificent Love Story from Janet Dailey	All her life,cool, beautifu Sheila got what she wanted. Now she yearned for the raw passion of a man beyond her reach, a violent mysterious outlaw whose followers adored him. A lion of a man who held her for ransom-a man who would trade her for a fortune in gold. But Shelia wanted only him-with all the reckless longing her body and soul.	2001-11-26
The North Pole Moves to NY as Unexpected Disaster Strikes	Two young people in love, Mark and Karen, battle to survive in a world that has become hell frozen over...New York buried under the New Ice Age...The Big Freeze swirling wild, dangerous winds across the Artic oceans...acros the Humbolt Glacier...In a flash it grows, creeps outward, gathers force, becomes gigantic, imperils the world. How long can people survive? Is this the way the world ends...buried in Ice?	2001-11-25
A Uniquely Candid Autobiography	Following the worst of London's alcoholic periods he wrote this autobiography beginning with his first taste of alcohol, his first experience at being drunk,and his first hangover-all at the age of five. London went on to &quot;earn his manhood spurs&quot; through hard drinking at the steamy waterfront bars on the San Francisco Bay. Claiming never to have acquired a taste for the stuff, London stresses the important role of the saloon in cultivating alcoholism in young men. He brings to vivid life the romantic allure of a place full of sailors with names like Whiskey Bob, whose stories of 'round-the-world journeys, barroom brawls, and dangerous sea adventures mingled with the &quot;comaraderie of drink.&quot; At once a highly personal work of intense emotional power and an unsparing social commentary on the evils of drink, this masterpiece of autobiographical literature first stunned a world audience in 1913, and today continues to strike a resounding contemporary note.	2001-11-25
First Encounters with Alien Forces from Other Worlds.	What is to be expected when we make contact with creatures or intelligences from other worlds? Each of the ten brilliantly inventive stories in this collection explores man's quest to communicate with other beings...and ultimately, with himself. The answers are to be found in the fertile imaginings of such renown writers as: Isaac Asimov, Fredric Brown, H B Fyfe, Robert A Heinlein, Charls Henneberg, Will F Jenkins, CM Kornbluth Murray Leinster, Theodore Sturgeon, HG Wells.	2001-11-18
A Dynasty of Love, Lust, and Treachery...	It is 1883, and the fiery trauma of war &amp; reconstruction that torched the Old South has settled deep into the rich soil of the once glorious Windhave Plantation. Amid swarms of carpetbaggers clamoring for the spoils of war, crops fail and markets fall. And Laure Bouchard Kenniston, still beautiful and proud, now reels from a searing, tragic shock - the suicide of her second husband, Leland.  <br />Young Lecien Bouchard, with all the fabled courage of his family name, strikes out to save the struggling plantation his father founded, exalted, and loved. But little Paul, Laure's son, in agony for his mother's tribulation and his own helplessness, runs away to the shadowy world of railroad hobo's and twilight thievery.<br />Yet even now, the South stirs to rise again, and the great Bouchards of Windhaven batter the doors of destiny, a family dauntless in the face of disaster, rich in pride, endless in love.	2001-11-18
Wonderful, hard to put down.	Two Kingdoms in deadly battle. One has the power of sight and the other the gift of destruction...	2001-10-15
Science Fictions answer to Horatio Hornblower	This is a John Grimes novel-a story of the loot of the stars, of how Grimes graduated from operator of a space courier ship to master of a fleet of dreaded carriers of the skull and crossbones!<br />I loved this book!	2001-10-15
Great Historical Romance	A lovely innocent must shed her shyness to win London's handsomest Lord, whom she lost her heart to at first site.	2001-10-14
Exciting	The Morts were turning up all over Aeolis, the Eden-like planet named for the unexpected winds which sprang from nowhere and swiftly faded again. But unlike the winds, the Morts didn't just fade away. These unidentifiable corpes-which on closer examination proved far from human-posed a bizarre threat to human control of Aeolis. So the Serviceship HALCYON XLV was dispatched to the planet to solve the secret of the Morts, a secret whispered by the winds every day-a secret older than mankind, which could spell the end of human life on the planet...	2001-10-10
Great Reading	The scum of the earth have taken over the city streets...now a special fighting force will battle to win them back!	2001-10-10
Butch Cassidy is back!	Butch Cassidy, thought to be dead by friend and foe alike, encounters Charlie Siringo, an ex-pinkerton who chased Cassidy's gang 20-years ago, meet in Hollywood and are soon bound for the deserts of Mexico with a beautiful Victoria Hartford and ther film crew.  They come face-to-face with Pancho Villa's revolution in one of the greatest adventures of thier life. <br />An elaborate melding of careful research and lively invention bring Butch back alive.	2001-09-09
Loved it!	Marina thought the man she had loved had died a year ago, but now she found out he was alive and well and living somewhere else. Marina found Rev and found his life in danger.  Who wanted Rev dead? And how could Marina help. Gotta read the book to find out.	2001-09-09
Tom Clancy Move Over......	The US Navy Seals join forces with the KGB in the battle for the New World Order! One of the best naval thrillers since Hunt for Red October. Gripping reading from the first intriguing page to the edge-of-your-chair finale.	2001-09-09
I enjoyed the book!	If you take this book at face value it is a delightful read. While no masterpiece it was entertaining. I had no problem following the plot or the story line. So quit-cha-belly-aching!	2001-09-09
Do you want to find a murderer?	Wish to check on your husband? Need to get rid of a stolen diamond ring? Seek excitement-even danger? Then consult Mr Parker Pyne, Detective. Agatha's famous and unorthodox gentlman of mystery...who goes around the world to solve the most bizarre and startling crimes of his unique career.	2001-09-07
I love Nancy Drew!	Nancy is asked to help find a missing horse.  At the same time she is starring in a movie made by a college friend. The setting of the movie is an abandoned Victorian house and the stable mysteriously burns down. Other attempts are also made to harass the group. Will Nancy be able to solve these mysteries? You bet ya!	2001-09-07
I love Nancy Drew!	Nancy must help clear her cousin of arson.	2001-09-07
Who Mixed the Cyanide Cocktail?	It was certainly no way to celebrate Rosemary's birthday. On the other hand, each guest at the party had a motive for her murder. <br />It was a mystery alright, so a year later, on the same date, another party was held to trap the killer.  But instead...death struck again!	2001-09-07
I love Nancy Drew!	Nancy and friends work on two mysteries while in Florida. One an elderly lady claims her house is frequently burglarized and her home ransacked but nothing is ever taken. The other, Nancy must find a way to stop an international ring of stamp forgers and smugglers.	2001-09-07
I love Nancy Drew	Nancy and friends search for a flying saucer and find themselves in the middle of more than one mystery.<br />They hunt for a hidden treasure and solve the flying saucer mystery.	2001-09-07
I love Nancy Drew!	Nancy must solve the mystery of missing famous woman and a jewel theft. Very good!	2001-09-07
Hard to put down	I am an James Patterson fan, plus a big Alex Cross fan.  I knew this was not his typical book when I started reading.  I found this novel exceded my expectations.  <br />It's a perfect love story set in a diary to an unborn child. There is also a secondary love story going on at the same time. <br />It is a tear jerker, so get your hankies out!	2001-09-06
Double Barrel excitement	The Savage.....An outspoken opponent of the corrupt Indian Ring in Washington, General Crook had been marked for death by an unkown assailant. But killing Crook was not going to be easy. The general was an old friend of Sundance, who wouldn't rest until the plot was exploded and the plotters were left to the vultures. <br />Gold Stirke.....Sundance staked his claim on a gold mine in Nevada and had thoughts of riches and luxury. But millionair miner Jackson Selby got wind of his mine. Sundance would have to shoot it out with Shelby to protect this claim. The winner would get a passel of gold; the loser, an early grave.	2001-09-06
One of the best of the new crop of mystery writers.	A female Quincy who applies her knowlege of forensic medicine to crime solving. What Spencer is to Boston and the East Coast, Kiernan O'Shaughnessy is to San Francisco and the West Coast.<br />Sure technique,snappy dialogue, white-knuckle plot and bare-knuckle action scenes.	2001-09-03
Highly recommended Cookbook	The famous low-saturated-fat diet that drastically reduces heart attacks. Combines solid nutritional sense with good eating. It's the new low-saturated-fat cookbook, that tells you in simply language how to reduce blood cholesterol and plan a well-balanced diet for the entire family-without sacrificing favorite foods. This diet is based on 14 years of research of the Nutrition Bureau, New York City Dept of Health, the Prudent Diet not only decreases blood cholesterol, but also lowers blood sugar levels, decreases body weight and reduces the rate of heart attacks by more than 50%, so the book proclaims.	2001-09-03
Refreshing and enjoyable.	A focused plot, abundant humor, and intriguing personality.  Hilarious portrayal of the garage sale scroungers is another definite strength. A lot of fun for readers who enjoy bright characters , fast-moving action and a really good plot. <br />No complaints here!	2001-09-03
Another Well Crafted Mystery!	Should residents be allowed to have pets? That's the burning question agitating the trustees of the Jamie Coralund Home for the Aged.  Barrister Robert Forsythe is called on to mediate, but he is no fool and declines the honor. Instead, he sends his formidable secretary, Miss Sanderson, to deal with the tempest in the provincial teapot. <br />It might have ended there but for two things: a dog is poisoned and an old lady is smothered. <br />Miss Sanderson, ever sensitive to the ebb and flow of human passions, learns that the trustees-three middle-aged men and one timelessly beautiful woman-have known each other since childhood, the handpicked playmates of rich little Jamie Coralund, Jamie himself has been dead for thirty years. Or so everyone believes. <br />Miss S. suspects that, dead or alive, Jamie is somehow involved in present events, and that the sins of the past are making a return appearance....	2001-09-03
Case # 41	Nancy and her friends are helping Ned with a college marketing project-introducing Spotless beauty cream to the public. Problem is, Bess and a lot of other people who tried the product have been rushed to the hospital. Alarmed, Nancy decides to check out the company that makes Clearly, the rival cosmetic to Spotless. But the teen detective finds someone has more to hide than blemishes in this case. A mysterious individual has laced samples of Spotless with a deadly poison. Unless Nancy finds out who it is, she'll be the one who's rubbed out.	2001-09-02
A wonderful love story.	Desperate to put the ravages of the Civil War behind him, Joel Ryan travels west. But he soon finds that the solituded he so desperately craves is not to be his. Early in his journey he rescues a beautiful Cheyenne princess, Mourning Dove, from Henri Larocaque, a renegade Canadian who had intended to sell her to an enemy tribe. Even as Joes frees her, she frees his heart from the sorrow that has darkened it-with love so strong it will cause her to defy her people. Banished from the Cheyenne tribe, they make their home on the vast plains and have a son. But their happiness is shattered when Larocque comes to take his revenge on Joel, killing Mourning Dove.  Joel's tragic loss nearly destroys him and fills him with a need for vengeance so great it will shape his life forever. He sends his son back to the Cheyenne until he can find his wife's murderer and, years later, returns defeated. He reclaims his son, now a young brave, but feeling unequal to the task of raising him alone, sends east for a mail-order bride. What he gets is Sarah Joy McClinton and her two children, running from a man whose greed killed her husband. Each hopes that the match will result in at least mutual respect and friendship. But Sarah does not know that Joel will conquer her heart so completely that she would give her life to him...or willingly lose it to him...	2001-09-01
A Super Book! Highly Recommended!	Crow Point was the loveliest of the five points gracing Jacataqua Island off Maine's picturesque coast. But that did not explain why the summer people-who usually packed up and went home-decided to winter over one season. Their reasons were as varied as their personalities. <br />Natives and newcomers exchange pleasantries at the post office, debate at the town meeting, and sparred at cocktail parties. Alliances shift and forge, hostilities grown and recede as autumn slips into a brutal winter. When a fierce southeaster ravages the coast, the community survives it relatively unscathed, and the townspeople momentarily band together in their triumph over disaster. But a cataclysmic second storm shatters their complacence, irreversibly altering each of their lives. <br />Recalling the events surrounding the Great Blizzard of 1978 that battered the Eastern seaboard, Toward The End sets the daily dramas of the townspeople's comfortable, sequestered lives against the headlong invasion of a seemingly benign, suddenly obliterating sea.  Drawing the characters with all her skill as an experienced, sympathetic observer of human nature, Elizabeth Savage has written a powerful novel about love, loss, and survival.	2001-09-01
Great book!	This takes place in the ranch country of Montana and is the wise , rueful, witty, and moving story of five teenage girls coming of age in 1934, in the cowtown-turned-colledg-town of Missoula.<br />This book faithfully recreates the bittersweet flavor of an adolescence shaped by small-town customs and the Big Sky Country. The book is a vibrant tragicomedy of manners that will affect readers of all ages and tastes.	2001-09-01
Heartwarming! Inspirational!	Texas Twosomes is a collection of stories about couples who have been married for 25 to 75 years. Sharing their hardships and lending advice, they sometimes enlighten and always entertain. Some names you may recognize and some you won't, but all the stories are worth reading.	2001-09-01
Hard to put down.	The tempestuous tale of Angel Dawson's rise from the streets of London to the court of Charles II.	2001-08-31
Captivates with white-hot adventure and romance!	Melanie Stanton had been promised to Josh Brennan for as long as she could remember. But marriage was the last thing on her mind, until Josh's long-lost twin returned to take his rightful place raising Texas longhorns on the family's ranch. <br />Shane was different from his brother as two men could possibly be. Raised by the Chippewa, he was wild as the untamed frontier, as savagely virile as Josh was spoiled and weak. And Shane's intimate caresses aroused a white-hot desire she had never known in Josh's arms. Their love was forbidden, but Melanie knew that when passion calls the heart must obey.	2001-08-31
A Breathtaking Sizzler!	A mesmerizing tale of the superwealthy that sizzles with passion, power, and the dark, forbidden desires of the human heart. Hard to put down.	2001-08-30
About everyday life during the depression in Oklahoma	An unforgettable journey into adulthood...rich with a sense of place and an understanding of human nature. A beautifully cut gem displaying a cameo of life during the depression years...there is humor...earthiness...irony.<BR>We feel our own lives enlarged, deepened, matured as I read this book. Sometimes funny, always honest, and often deeply moving book.	2001-08-30
Love and Death on the City Streets	A shocking, poignant, and spirited portrait of Teenager, a drug dealer making a handsome living from the despair of South Bronx... Maximo, the young Puerto Rican lawyer who rises above it-almost... and Nicki, the beautiful Italian girl from New Jersey who loves him even though her family would kill her if they knew. This book will haunt you till the last page!	2001-08-29
Here There Be Dragons...	The natives called Formalhaut II by the name of Fergis. In Galactic listings the Watchers and Adjusters called it Camelot for a good reason.<BR>For one thing, magic seemed to work. For another, knighthood was the order of the day and a strict chivalry ruled the lands. For a third, there was evil in the world to be combatted.<BR>Mere observation from orbit no longer sufficed, because now that evil had assumed menacing and warlike proportions. Armies and huge flying dragons were moving from the sinister southlands to overwhelm this world, much as the legions of legendary Mordor had moved to conquer Middle Earth.<BR>It was time for an Adjuster to step in and unravel the mysteries of Camelot...and that task fell to Kyrie Fern, henceforth to be known as Harl Lenti, swordsman and manipulator of a mightier magic - that of galactic science.	2001-08-29
Essential reading-First Rate	A book that must be read by all Americans concerned with national security.	2001-08-29
Niven &amp; Pournelle Look Out!	While exploring on the Saturnian moon Rhea, Derek Kuroda discovers the first alien artifacts found in more than a century of space exploration. Tests on the enigmatic object suggest that they are either energy packs or weapons. One thing is certain: they are sources of immense power. And so Kuroda joins forces with Sieglinde Kornfeld-Taggart, whose scientific skills and inventive genius helped to form the Island Worlds group of orbiting colonies. Following what had at first seemed a successful Asteroid Belt Rebellion, Liberty has somehow become no more than a word in the Belt as well as on Earth-so the plan is to use the newfound power of the artifacts to launch dozens of asteroid worlds to freedom among the stars. But repressive elements throughout the Solar System are just as intent on stopping them...<BR>Eric Kotani is the pseudonym of a noted physicist. John Roberts is a well-known science fiction writer.	2001-08-29
Packed w/creative ways to fill any lunchbox with great food	The best and most orginal recipes from a nationwide contest is included in this cookbook,75 uncomplicated recipes for lunches. Plus little tid-bits. Recipes good for kids and adults.	2001-08-28
They Trespassed In A Primative Wilderness of Dark Desire	When her millionaire husband died, beautiful Lanine Hall was left with a huge TexaS empire, a rebellious daughter, and a desperate, repressed need to be loved. Her daughter Beth was 16, wild, and infatuated with the powerful young Indian she was secretly meeting in the hidden places of Big Thicket-the immense savage chaparrel adjoining the lavish Hall mansion. Kenneth Steele was the dark, mysterious stranger who entered their lives and reawakened Lanine's dormant sensuality. But when he ventured into the dense wilderness with Beth, the overpowering forces of nature and the secrets of the Old South converged in a sexual and emotional thicket. By the author of &quot;Castles In the Air.&quot;	2001-08-28
She was enslaved by desire and branded by passions flames.	Celiese, the lovely slave girl, gasped when her betrothed emerged from the shadows. She had been secretly sent in her mistress's place to wed the much-feared Mylan. But instead of the cruel savage she had expected, he was a magnificently handsome warrior. His cool topaz gaze unnerved her. The fire in his touch sent shivers of unfamiliar desire down her spine. And the sweet madness of his burning kiss as he trapped her within an iron embrace made her forget her past, abandon all reason, and surrender herself-if only for one night-to the pleasures of passion's fire. Mylan stared in astonishment at the woman before him. Instead of the spoiled, pampered innocent he had expected, she was a radiant silver-blonde beauty. The hot flush of her cheeks disarmed him. Gathering her into his arms, he silenced her startled protest with a slow, wanton kiss and awakened her supple flesh with tender, searching carresses. He would teach her the secrets of passion, take her to ecstasy's searing heights, and forever possess her captive heart.	2001-08-28
He set her inhibitions free! Great Story!	Despite the dangers Sabrina Spencer was determined to go to New Mexico and find her fathers's killer. To protect herself from unwanted advances she donned a gray wig and veiled hat and swaddled herself in a padded gown before blackmailing rugged Ridge Tanner into guiding her to Ft Canby. But the costume soon became her prison-for the passionate beauty had fallen head over heels for her verile companion. Ridge Tanner knew something was amiss. So when the mysterious woman fell asleep one night he took a good look at the baggage he was escorting West. Right then and there, Ridge vowed that before they reached Santa Fe, he'd strip away her unsightly disguise and make her surrender to her heart's beloved betrayal.	2001-08-28
In a land that worshipped the sun, passion ruled the nights.	A glittering romantic epic of love and adventure in ancient Egypt.	2001-08-28
Inspiration, Satire, and Humor from an Educated Baptist!	Light hearted, funny short stories. I found this hard to put down, waiting to see what the next story would bring.	2001-08-28
Great Self-Help Book!	A remarkable self-help book, which balances your food choices-and balances food with exercise-so you can design your own best eating style. Maggie has a talent for putting scientific information to use in clear, practical ways. Her unique approach to self-care reflects 17-years of teaching Self-Designed Fitness at MIT, as well as training teachers, helping clients, and starring in her owm TV show on careful exercise. Using Maggie's guidelines to analyze how each one suits you, you can become your own expert in eating well, and take charge of your diet forever.	2001-08-28
Rare bit of &quot;O Henryana&quot;	Orginally published almost 3/4 a century ago by Doubleday. The letters are to a fictitious Lithopolis are directed to a member of the noted publishing family of Wagnalls, as in Funk and Wagnalls.	2001-08-28
A truly astounding trip to the unknown.	Altered States is the ultimate horror story-the story of one young scientist's terrifying experiment to find the origins of consciousness. Entombed in an isolation tank, fed with a powerful hallucinogenic drug, he experiences finally the supreme moment of terror that is the beginning of life. Altered States is a love story-the story of a man who learns that love is the greatest of all acts of faith. Altered States is a novel of exploration-of other states of consciousness, the unimaginable kingdoms of the mind. For the scientist, like the novelist, there are the new frontiers of truth beyond which anything can happen...	2001-08-28
Wonderful Proverbs	Discover the timeless wisdom of ancient China through these classic proverbs.	2001-08-28
Great, Tasty Recipes	Target Recipes gives you a whole range of dishes designed to be both delicious and healthfully low in fat. The recipes are easy to make, and simple instructions show how to adapt your own favorites to lower fat content.	2001-08-28
Coming of Age story	For young Katie Koenig, growing up German-American in the Texas Hill Country during World War I means fighting battles of her own. While suspicious outsiders challenge the patroitism of her tradition-bound German neighbors, Katie's own family and friends question her loyalty to Franz, her fiance, sent to fight as an American doughboy in Germany. The author skillfully weaves details of life in this community-the odors of Mama's baking, the feel of the earth in Katie's beloved flower garden, the excitment of dressing for a dance-into a moving story of a girl's coming of age in difficult times.	2001-08-27
A wonderful romance!	She had hoped never to see him again... Steven Harrow had known he was the object of her schoolgirl crush. He had also been the witness to her humiliation. But five years had passed and Morgan had developed confidence and a protective instinct against being hurt. 'You're only running away from yourself,' Steve accused her. And to prove she was in total command, she agreed to work for him. Proximity, Morgan reasoned, would immunize her to his still-potent attraction. It was a theory, she discovered later, that worked completely against her...	2001-08-26
Who cannot relate to this story? A Great Book!	Beverly Thyson's extraordinary rise in the ruthless world of women's fashion astonishes everyone-including herself. But her personal life (including one failed marriage and an exciting but unfulfilling affair) makes Bev feel she is lacking as a woman. Using all of her strength and intution to reach the very pinnacle of success, she is still constantly searching for love.	2001-08-24
A Great Book	With a remarkable precision of feeling and circumstance, Violet Weingarten's novel re-creates the total emotional and social experience of the devoted wife who is suddenly told by her husband, after years of &quot;perfect&quot; marriage, that he is leaving her for another woman.  <br />The ups and down, and how she managed to land on her feet. Laughter, tears on the way to re-self-discovery.	2001-08-24
A Dictionary of Dreams	The possible meanings of our dreams are as varied, as intricate,and as infinite as our thoughts.  This book give you the opportunity to unlock the secret of your unconscious mind and explore the possiblities of your dream landscape.	2001-08-24
Wonderful book!	There are those among us who are endowed with the gift-not yet understood-of contact in some degree with powers beyond the physical world. Sixtyish Lorna Teasdal's awareness of possessing this gift pervaded her life, yet she consciously suppressed and resisted it in her anxiety to be an ordinary normal person. She goes exploring in the attic of her new rented flat in London and comes upon a bag full of letters, a diary, and a Victorian photograph album whose very touch seems to set off whispers of a past she never knew, yet must uncover. Thus begins her journey...	2001-08-24
A Wildly Sexy Novel of Love and Luxury!	What the crazy ladies did 15 years ago was considered shocking, but since then everybody's into what used to be for very adult adults only-and the crazy ladies have to come a long, long way to blaze new paths of pleasure in their old Manhattan playgrounds. <br />Simone, the bombshell superstar, is heading in from sex-and-snow Hollywood...Anita, the ex-stewardess, is flying in from kinky London...Beverly, the suburban housewife, is abandoning a masochistic Midwest marriage for a single city swing...Lou, the high-powered career woman, has made the big decision to open her bedroom door to women as well as men...<br />And million of readers are about to find out that sex isn't what it used to be-it's far better!<br />The Crazy Ladies was the first really great dirty book, but this one has the last word!-Cosmopolitan	2001-08-23
I love this Book!	This is the first time I've found easy to make, tasty low fat recipes! I wouldn't part with mine for the world!	2001-08-23
The Original Adult Western #44	The Noose Hangs High For Slocum and His Woman.<br />They kept a supply of nooses handy. The vigilantes of Virgina City were busy keeping law and order by hanging outlaws, gamblers and just about anybody they didn't like.  The guest at their latest necktie party had been Shotgun Slade, John Slocum's best friend. Now the vigilante committee was after busty Bonnie Slade-and it was up to Jake to save her. If the rescue failed, he'd hang too. If it succeeded, the ferretlike leader of the committee would track him all the way to Hell and back. It was a chance Jake was willing to take.	2001-08-19
I loved this book!	I found it exciting. What if we found a lost world of Neanderthal, living in an unreachable by man mountain valley? Well worth the money and the read.  I don't know how anyone could say this wasn't worth reading!  I highly recommend it!	2001-08-19
Fast Paced and Exciting	Martin Dobecker enjoyed his quiet, ordered world. He was perfectly satisfied with his dead-end government desk job and asked nothing more of life than to be able to go home at 5:00 to the alchemical furnace he was secretly building in his basement...<br />Of course, it was only a hobby. No harm in that.  A circle of Fire-Glazed Outdoor Bar-B-Q Bricks mortared together with No-Crack Fire Cement could hardly invite suspicion-even if he had given it the name of Athanor.<br />No, Matin Dobecker was just a harmless mild-mannered eccentric who liked to putter around with Black Magic.<br />Or was he?	2001-08-18
Double Jeopardy	Beyond the American CIA and the Russian KGB lies an agency so secret it can't be sure who it serves...<br />The Agency...Beyond the realm of CIA-KGB lies another dimention of covert intelligence that is far more elusive.  The Agency, a private intelligence organization, manipulates the chains of power that shape international policy-for the benefit of the few and the ruthless.<br />David Street was among Harvard's best and brightest, quickly rising to the highest echelons of Wall Street. Now he has been plucked by the Agency and dropped in a cauldron of international espionage where he quickly becomes entangled with an enticing Mata Hari of uncertain affiliations.  Together, they must stop the financial and political forces that threaten to disrupt the world balance of power. <br />The Objective...Foreign operatives have infiltrated the power of the Agency recruiting a team of unsuspecting Americans to carry out their own destructive ends.  When the corpse of one of these dupes is found bearing Agency ID, and then mysteriously vanishes, Street uncovers an assassination plot which could destablize Latin America and send shockwaves through the Western power structure. And in a desperate attempt to thwart the would be killers, Street faces the ultimate choice: to save his life or his country.	2001-08-18
Big...Thrilling...Spectacular historical..Highly Recommended	Historical fiction has romance, intrigue, spies, torture, war and the Knights Templar. Takes place during the Inquistion and France's religious crusade into Egypt. The book revolves around a wandering troubadour/knight and the two women he has loved, both unattainable; and the knight he hates and wants to kill, but cannot because he is close to the King. <br />Very historical detailed book. <br />A very enjoyable book...Don't be thrown off by the title, you'll find out what it means while reading the book. <br />Highly Recommended!!	2001-08-18
Tasty Recipes	Over 400 recipes a guide to healthier and better eating for today. From Dip to dessert, a cooking-for-life book that reflects current medical opinion on the need to restrict daily intake of cholesterol and saturated fat.	2001-08-11
75 quick and delicious menus	Complete with triple-tested recipes, shopping lists, work plans and the approximate time each menu take to prepare.	2001-08-11
Techniques, Recipes and Variations	Richard Sax's methods for showing us how to make good things out of ingredients we take for granted are fine indeed. They are subtle, plain, sometimes lengthy to follow, but oftener as easy as sticking a TV in the microwave. His basics, his concise instructions about soups, the cooking of meats and fish and eggs...were well worth the price of the book.	2001-08-11
By His Holiness Maharishi Mahesh Yogi	This book remains the definitive introduction to the Transcendental Meditation program (TM), the world's most widely practiced technique for developing full potential. Scientific research has found that TM eleminates stress and fatigue, Improves health, Increases energy and well-being, and Expands mental potential. <br />Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the founder of TM, her unfolds his vision for bringing life to fulfillment through a simple effortless technique that can be practiced by anyone.	2001-08-10
from the creator of choose your own adventure	Problem: At last you found a starship to get you out of Tenopia, the most mysterious planet in the galaxy. But space pirates attack your ship, forcing you to land on the prehistoric planet Samelbub!<br />Goal:  Pilot a spacecraft throught the vast Tenopia star system until you find the emergency galactic starship-your last hope of escape.<br />Equipment:  A pocket map computer and your wits.<br />Dangers:  Bleak, forbidding planest, from ice-locked Klanton to watery Mazar. Deadly Alkonian sandstorms. And an entire star system of the strangest aliens you'll ever see. <br />Will you make the right choices? There is only one way to escape...find it-or be trapped forever!	2001-08-10
Guaranteed to induce goose bumps in the most jaded reader	From her first glimpse of Glen Chandler, young Dina Blake was enchanted. Their courtship was swift, passionate, and filled with excitement Dina never knew existed. <br />She was certain their marriage would last forever...until he brought her to the family estate at High Towers. Then, slowly, relentlessly, Dina became aware that Glen's twin sister possessed her brother in a way Dina never could. <br />Suddenly Dina found herself alone in a house of strangers. She could no longer trust Glen's love and she knew his sister would stop at nothing to destroy their marriage. Not even murder. <br />A superb novel of love and terror, of a courageous young wife's confrontation with ultimate evil.	2001-08-10
Based on the Computer Game from Fenris Wolf	2069: After decades of futility, the UN has finally done what it was designed to do: establish peace on Planet Earth. At long last the centuries-old dream of a new world order is within reach...<br />But 50,000 lunar colonists aren't buying into the plan, and they need volunteers. Soldiers, warriors, brave and true. Too bad Dalton Starkiller is what they've got. A techno-geek who joined the Lunar Defense Forces in a moment of patriotic weakness, Starkiller's a hacker, not a hero; a gamer, not a guerrilla. <br />Does Starkiller have what it takes to be a 21st century soldier? The real game has begun: now he must led his comrades through the moon's labyrinthine battlegrounds in their desperate rebellion against Mother Earth. <br />I found the book very intertaining. No complaints here!	2001-08-09
Well written!	Mzai Sulimani was not only the oldest and wisest elephant in existance, but the one with the biggest and most valuable ivory tusks in the world.  He was more than an elephant-he was a legend in survival and a link to the wild and untamed past...<br />Jared Mullan, the big, rugged white hunter who was hired to lead the safari, had killing on his mind. He wanted Sulimani more than anything else-even if it meant sacrificing his life.<br />Beth Corry, the bright and beautiful television producer, was too much woman for just one man. She organized the hunt in search of a legend...and discovered the terrifying truth about the passions of man.<br />Alan Fletcher, a handsome and talented screenwriter, joined the search to further his writing career. And what began as an exciting assignment turned into a deadly test of human survival.<br />from the back cover of the book.	2001-08-09
Lynda S Robinson is Suzanne Robinson	I started reading this book and it seemed like one of Lynda S Robinson's books in the Lord Meren series...low and behold it is Lynda! One of her earlier books.  <br />Ancient Egyptian romance. I really enjoyed the book! It has intrigue, romance and King Tut all in one book!<br />Highly Recommended!	2001-08-09
Great Book! Every new or expecting father should read this!	This book is recommended by Dr Spock, Dr Dodson, and Norman Cousins.  An extraordinarily sensitive book on what it feels like to become a father in gradual steps. An invaluable guide to fatherhood, because a baby needs a nuturing father too!	2001-08-09
Old Spies Never Die!	Jack Tully is five days from retirement as head of Section III of the CIA. He is by all appearances an ordinary desk man with little flair for adventure...yet he is the man East Germany's top intelligence agent and defector wants to meet in Paris.  Everyone, especially Tully, is puzzled as to why.<br />So Tully sets out on his last desperate mission-a mission which plunges him back into his own past when, as an undercover agent for the OSS, he was sent into a Nazi POW camp to unravel the mystery of SSG300, Hitler's final and most devastating plan.  There, Tully came to know the extremes of sadism and brutality-and the undying passion of the woman who dared to help him.<br />But how does all this connect to his present mission and the East German spy?  Because forty years ago, Tully had made one mistake-a mistake he might not now be able to survive...<br />&quot;Langley writes in the best adventure tradition of Alistair Maclean.&quot;-Publishers Weekly<br />&quot;Well-knit with surprisingly original twists.&quot; - Kirkus Reviews<br />&quot;An adroit and froceful novel.&quot;-Booklist<br />from the back cover.	2001-08-09
A Life Saver	A step-by-step expert advice on spotting and getting help for learning disorders and their symptoms like:<br />*Attention Difficulty<br />*Hyperactivity<br />*Overall Disorganization<br />*Impulsiveness<br />*Underachievement<br />*Forgetfulness<br />*Problems with Self-expression<br />*Careless errors<br />*Slow performance	2001-08-09
Great, Exciting, Over Much Too Soon!	Duwan, the warrior, had been foremost of the Drinker warriors in training, destined in time to become leader of all the valley's warriors. Then an accident had claimed his arm, leaving him unfit to lead. With no other choice, Duwan turned to Drinker legends for hope, legends of a lost homeland to the south, where the sun was so strong, the soil so rich, that a Sundrinker could regenerate a lost limb.<br />And so Duwan left the valley, seeking this fabled paradise. But what he found was the Enemy, the dominant, less evolved form of his species called Devourers, who lived by preying upon other life forms. The Devourers, who, ages ago, had driven the Drinkers from their homeland, intent on their total destruction. Yet to Duwan's horror, he found Drinkers too, Drinkers enslaved by cruel Devourer overlords! And suddenly Duwan understands why his destiny had brought him here-to lead his people to freedom!	2001-08-03
Thrilling Adventures Inside The Hollow Earth	In the incredible world inside the Earth David Innes discovers a new frontier for Mankind. He strove to carve a civilization out of its Stone Age perils. But the kidnapping of the beautiful cave-woman-empress, Dian, made him drop his fight for advancement and enter into a still greater battle against all the primitive monsters of Pellucidar!<br />1st rate book!	2001-08-03
Men in Uniform.	RCMP Sgt Hunter O'Reilly always got his man... But this time his man was a woman! Carrie Zablonski was jogging in a Vancouver park just as Hunter was attempting to apprehend a suspect. The suspect got away, but Carrie didn't. The moment she looked into Hunter's eyes, she knew her life was about to change.<br />It did.  Her ex-boyfriend began to harrass her, always careful to stay one step ahead of the law. But Hunter wasn't about to let him get away with it-and Carrie wasn't about to let Hunter take control of her life. She was much stronger woman than either man had bargained for!	2001-07-31
Heartwarming love story	Harper Weddington is the daughter of the richest man in Collins, SC. She's just what Trent's been looking for - a ticket to power. But against all odds they fall in love, only to be torn apart by an act of violence that will affect them for the rest of their lives.<br />The romance between Harper's son and Trent's daughter threatens to blow their lives apart all over again. But maybe it's time to let go of the past. This time around, Trent could be just what Harper's looking for. Certainly their love has never died...	2001-07-31
Babies and Bachelors	Nick Novak was the talk of the town and the most eligible bachelor around. He was so popular that newcomer Martha Rose, a creature of impulse, had to ask him out on a date. She was a great catch-spontaneous, resourceful and had started her own business. To her shock, Nick promptly turned her down. <br />What Martha soon discovered was that Nick was the darling of the rumor mill.  The man had a little secret and approached life with caution. But it also became clear that Nick was the kind of man who couldn't help being fascinated by a creature of impulse...	2001-07-31
Love in the making...	Widowed and very pregnant, Casey Stevens was fifty frigid Alaskan miles from the nearest hospital when her contractions began. So when a stranger helped her in her hour of need, Casey knew she would never forget him...<br />Ever since he'd helped deliver Casey's son, Leon Brodie had tried to ignore the bond he formed with the captivating woman - for the daring pilot prized his freedom above all.  But Leon couldn't deny his feelings for the beautiful single mom - or the baby he'd come to think of as his own. Was this confirmed bachelor considering building a cozy Alaskan nest - big enough for three?	2001-07-31
Heartwarming Inspirational Romance	All her life Hope had loved Eric Granston. The gentle childhood friend he'd been. The handsom high school sweetheart he'd become. The magnificent man who'd married her and fathered her beautiful daughters. So how had the unthinkable happened? How had near tragedy and terrify doubts sundered their unshakable bond, divided their loving family and left Hope aching, and homesick for her place in Eric's heart? <br />Their six-months separation was agony-their temporary reunion to nurse their injured child harder still. Only six feet seperated their bedrooms. But unless they conquered thier fears and reclaimed their faith, how could Hope find her way home to her husband's loving arms?	2001-07-30
Wonderful Romance!	Nina Delacruz, age ten, refuses to believe that her father's never coming back. Even though her mother, Mercedes, says it's the truth. Even though, in her heart of heart, she knows it's the truth. <br />April Montgomery, age elven, hasn't got a mother, and now she's withdrawing from her father, too.  April's been keeping a secret from her dad, Cass, one she knows will hurt him deeply. If she tells him, maybe he won't love her anymore....<br />The Delacruz and Montgmery families are brought together by a dog-a dog they both claim. When they take their dispute to court, the judge orders them to spend time in each other's homes so the dog can choose. This turns out to be the best thing that could happen. Because now, with Mecedes''s help, Cass will become the father both girls need. And the lover, friend and husband Mercedes needs.	2001-07-30
Wonderful Historical Romance	Lady Eve MacMurrough, fairest of Erin's fair flowers, her flashing emerald eyes held secrets no man could resist. Defiant daughter of one king and willful ward of another, she would bring the purity of true love to her marriage bed. <br />Sir Richard FiztGilbert deClare, sitting astride his great black war horse Taran, no English knight was bolder. To the tempestous Lady Eve he had pledged his troth, but he longed to posses in timeless ecstasy her wild, resisting heart. <br />Born in a fierce, feudal world as cruel as it was courtly, theirs was the rapturous love destined to change the face of the Irish nation forever.	2001-07-30
Home is where the heart is.	Soul-weary Josie Marshall returned home after seven years to recover and reflect. But what she found was Michael Rawlins on her doorstep, asking for her hand in marriage. <br />A long time ago, Josie had pledged to marry Michael...then left him when life took her down a different path. Now he needed her help to gain custody of his cousin's little girl. But seeing Michael again stirred emotions Josie thought long dead.<br />Josie didn't know if her time with Michael was meant to be, but she knew she had to give him everything in her heart, not only for her salvation...but his as well!	2001-07-30
Not so bad!	I did not not find the book as bad as the other two reveiwers. If it is a period piece and written true to form, at the time the men wear, rakes, rouges, and scoundrels. Which this main character is. I did not have problems following the sub-plots and found this book lightly entertaining.	2001-07-30
She found mystery, lawlessness &amp; love in the Texas canyon!	When the cowboy found an unconscious woman &amp; her dead compainion along a Texas dirt road, he knew he had to try to save her. He took her to his mountain shack, gave her a potion to deaden the pain, and slashed away her bodice to expose the wound. When the cowboy saw her flawless flesh, he realized the blood was not hers-and the female only needed saving from him!<br />When Tara Winslow awoke in her father's canyon retreat, she couldn't remember how she'd gotten there. What was more baffling were the sensual dreams that plagued her every waking moment. As she fantazied about a muscular Texas showing her the myraid mysteries of pleasure, the innocent adventress realized it was too vivid to be true! Now she was determined to track him down and enslave him forever with the wild rapture.	2001-07-30
The Book Is So Much Better Than The Movie!	Fast paced, action packed, and hard to put down. The movie was nothing compared to the book!	2001-07-30
A loving family bond.	And JT Conway struck gold when he found the one woman who could help him fulfill his dream. Although being ensconced together in Kate Mahoney's cozy inn sparked an irresistible attraction, gaining this fragile beauty's trust after she'd been shaken by a shocking small-town scandal proved to be the ultimate challenge. But JT couldn't walk away from this angelic innkeeper whose soft vulnerability and tantalizing lips wreaked havoc on his heart. Before long, JT, who'd never before let anyone close enough to soothe his restless soul,got much more than he bargined for. Could this elusive bachelor have finally been blindsided by true love?	2001-07-30
Freedom to Love	Englishwoman Raven Whitney had found sactuary from a waking nightmare when Captain Forrester granted her passage on his ship. Indenturing herself to the brooding captain's fiancee in Virginia seemed a small price to pay for a new life. But Raven's darkest hour had not yet begun...<br />Love was a thing James Forrester had never truely known-or believed in. Not until he met Raven. He had planned his life, down to choosing the proper wife to help him make a place in Colonial politics. But could he now face a future that Raven was forbidden to share?	2001-07-30
She was once the Buccanneer's lady.	But when Imogene was tricked aboard a ship bound for England, she vowed to forget Capt van Ryker, the man who had filled her life and heart-only to banish her so cruelly. <br />Then a shipwreck off the coast of Cornwall returned Imogene to her girlfriend home. It was a homecoming without joy, for she found herself on trail for murder. Now, as she faced certain death, she heard again the sweet promise of her Caribbean lord...<br />Somehow he would come to her again, and together they would soar to the heights of passion they first knew on the golden sands of a distant isle...borne once more on the wings of a Wild Willful Love.	2001-07-30
A Wonderful Adventure!	Pryn, our heroine, hijacks a dragon to flee her mountain village.  Her journey takes her to the port city of Kolhari and into issues involving personal loyalty, freedom, heroism, and slavery. <br />An intellectual adventure! Highly Recommended. One of his best works yet!	2001-07-30
Babies and Bachelors - from back cover	Lovely widow Kathleen Gallagher Hayes was resigned to spending New Year's Eve alone when she heard a knock on the door, and found a very handsome stranger who wanted to come in!<br />Ross Douglas had never been so glad to see a woman. He'd always steered clear of love and marriage, but there were times when a  woman's gentle touch was needed-like when he discovered an abandoned newborn on his porch!<br />Ross's unexpected arrival had granted Kathleen's desire for a family-temporarily. But when the snow was cleared, her dreams would disappear-unless the magic of the new year could take three strangers and create a real family...<br />Reissue 2001	2001-07-29
Babies and Bachelors - from back cover	When Luke Dakota discovered his best friend had left behind a grieving widow and a child - a child named after him - he felt responsible for their well-being. But had no idea how being a father figure to the boy would affect his relationship with the mother...<br />Caitlin Alexander suspected foul play in her husbands death. And Luke Dakota was the only one she could turn to. The trouble was she was attracted to him in ways unbefitting a widow. But with her son already charmed by him, she found herself following right behind...<br />Reissued 2001	2001-07-29
Babies and Bachelors - from back cover	It wasn't Blaine O'Connor's fault he'd never learned how to be a full-time father. But now that his son had nobody else, he intended to do his best. Trouble was, that meant talking &quot;helpful advise&quot; from a breathtakingly beautiful woman who thought he had no business raising a child...<br />Blaine O'Connor was never going to be Father of the Year. Still, Bridgette Rafanelli owed it to her godchild to give his wayward dad some badly needed lessons in child raising.  Unfortunately it was beginning to look as if this much-too-charming man could teach her a thing or two-about love!	2001-07-29
Suspenseful, dramatic, and exceptionally fine novel	&quot;I did not murder Xavier Rocca, I executed him...&quot; With those compelling words begins the story of a people bound to an ancient and secretive code of honor and an extraordinary heroine driven to defy it.  She is Sybilia Rocca, brought to an isolated Corsican village at sixteen and forced to marry Xavier Rocca's son.  Now, twenty years later, she walks into the village square and shoots her influential father-in-law to death. By the laws of Corsican vendetta, Sybilia must pay with her life.  <br />But the Corsican woman is so beautiful and mysterious that a visiting American has made her his obsission.  Soon Jock Walters will begin his own desperate fight to save her, following a trail of compulsion and desire back to World War II, to a love both tender and tragic, and to an act of betrayal more shocking and more terrible than anything this man can imagine...	2001-07-26
Great book!	After a lifetime of keeping creditors at bay, Colonist Sarah Meade was determined to hang on to the valuable land her father had won. But her dreams of respectability were promptly dashed by Zeke Brownell, the irrepressible ruffian who kidnapped her to drive home the dubious point that her land was his land.<br />The woman was infuriating!  The idea of a lone spinster taking on the most feared man in all of Albany was absurd.  Though Zeke had to admit the lovely Mistress Meade was proving a worthy adversary for his infamous band of Green Mountain Boys...and a distracting temptation for Zeke himself.	2001-07-26
A wonderful romance!	Fire Dancer was Chickasaw to the depths of her soul. Her wihte mother had bequeathed her stunning green eyes, yet her blook was pure and unfettered Indian pride. Now her chieftain uncle had wounded her spirit by giving her to the red-coated officer as an interpreter-and a bedmate. Insulted to the core, she vowed never touch this arrogant Englishman.<br />Major Evan Trevor was as dazzled by the regal Chickasaw princess as he had been by the vast forests, wide rivers, and rich bounty of this wild virgin land.  He was told Fire Dancer was his for the taking, but from first sight he wanted more than her delectable body. Not by force, but by tender kisses, he planned to make her ache for him, to call his name in ecstasy and to surrender her rebellious heart...until his destiny became her own.	2001-07-26
To Trust Her Love...To Satisfy His Passion...	Having lost her stepfather and inherited all his debts, beautiful Jenna Marchand had no choice. She had to turn to the one man who could help her, the arrogant Ragan Brannock. But could she trust him?  She hardly knew the tall, lean stranger, and her desire for him overrode her good sense.  She hoped once she gave herself to him she would be his business partner, and hoped she wouldn't regret it. <br />The ebony Creole beauty was unlike any other woman Ragan Brannock had ever known.  Yet if the only way to possess her was to assume her debts, then he would do it. For he was lost to her charms, he ached to caress her...and he knew that once he took her in his arms, he would never want to leave her. <br />I really liked this book!	2001-07-26
She fought like a tiger...	Trained as a Crow warrior woman, Kalina fought with knife and teeth against the hated Blackfoot enemy-until captured by Two Shadows in battle.  He tried to enslave her by dumping her on his sleeping mat but she resisted. But the very beating of his heart, sparked something deep inside her. <br />Two Shadows already had enough on his mind. The Bluecoats were building another fort and trying to force his people from their lands. When the Crows attacked, it turned out their fierces fighter was a squaw!  He would make her pay by being his slave, for it was her tribe who had killed so many of the Blackfoot people. But as her wrestled her to the ground, the touch of her soft flesh aroused in him a need he knew he must fulfill...	2001-07-26
The Princess and the Pharaoh	She was the privileged daughter of a king, envied for her delectable beauty.<br />He was the all-powerful ruler of Egypt, worshipped as a god by his people. <br />And when Shanda, unwilling, was sent by her father as a gift to Pharaoh, sparks of anger flew between them-for she refused to suppress her bold, independent spirit for any man, especially such an arrogant one, who saw her as nothing but a possession, a jewel in his harem.<br />But soon he was intrigued by her...by her exotic golden-haired beauty...her innocence...and her defiant will.  And the sparks of fury ignited into a blazing flame of passion that burned like the desert sun-and would shape their destiny forever!	2001-07-26
I enjoyed this book!	The Empire of Ice is non-stop, providing vivid thrills that will make your teeth chatter.  When Mother Nature isn't throwing cataclysm after cataclysm at our heros, they have to deal with the increasing tensions between Ireland and Britain, fascist politicans, and a pack of starving, man-eating wolves. I found the book taut, terse, scary, and immensely readable.	2001-07-26
One of the best books I've read in a while.	I normally don't read lovey-dovey books, but my sister said I would like it and I sure did!  A lot of thrills, chills and love in the air.  Just when you think you have it figured out...you don't.  I recommend it highly.	2001-07-26
Better than most!	I found this book very instructional. Has a little bit of everything...breeding, training, 1st aid, showing, ear clipping, grooming, building a kennel, etc... Goes in more detail than most books I've seen.	2001-07-26
The Book is a 100 times better than the movie.	Whereas the book and the movie is similar they are not alike at all.  The book is sooooooo much better.	2001-07-26
Medieval Abduction!	Torn from her life of privilege and held in a ravaged Saxon keep, Thea Bellamy soon realized her true nature. And found love in the arms of her captor, Roderick, a man her reason cried out she should hate, but her heart could never deny!<br />Hawk, they called him, for Roderick, Duke of Emory, soared in battle.  And though the warrior had fallen to his enemy, he was determined that his people would survive. Even if the price paid be Thea, the woman who had become part of his soul.	2001-07-26
Who's howling at the moon?	Norman Newman is back and his imagination is wilder than ever! When spooky howling wakes hiim up in the middle of the night, Norman is sure he's hearing a werewolf. But could the howling really be coming from the French poodle next door? It's up to Norman to solve the mystery before the whole neighborhood is howling at the moon!	2001-07-26
The only good outlaw is  a dead outlaw!	Outlaw Lee Slater is asking for trouble when he challenges Smoke Jensen's retired mentor, but when he shoots Smoke's wife, he gets more than he can handle.	2001-07-25
She wouldn't let him in.  He couldn't let her go.	Libby Honeycutt was determined to keep the Lazy H ranch going-even though the place was run down and mortgaged to the hilt and her ranchmen were quitting left and right. When things looked their bleakest, an arrogant drifter rode onto her land in a raging storm, saved her horses, stole a kiss-and proceeded to turn her life upside down. She and Chase disagreed on everything from how to break a horse to the best way to fry potatoes, but when they came together in love's fiery embrace, all differences melted away. Each steamy kiss and passionate caress drew Libby deeper into a velvety whirlpool of desire. <br />Chase Whitlaw had left comfortable life in Baltimore to fight the four long years in the Civil War. Now it was time to get on with his life, but first he had one important errand: he'd promised a dying Rebel that he'd deliver a locket to a lady out in New Mexico, and Chase intended to keep that promise, and then be on his way. But the moment he set eyes on proud and beautiful Libby Honeycutt, he knew he must sample her luscious charms. He'd sign on as a ranchhand, help her out a bit, then tease her into a frenzy of desire, inch by inch, he'd cover her trembling body with kisses until she cried out in wild wanton ecstacy!	2001-07-25
Sheriff Braddock's proposal seemed too good to be true.	A new life dawned for Anna Bauer and her daughter under the wide Montana sky. The past was finally behind them, and the future meant a home and the welcoming arms of a loving father in search of a bride. Or so Anna thought... <br />Cooper Braddock had too many females in his life already. He hadn't arranged this marriage-his two determined little girls had. And though half the town thought that he and Anna would make the perfect couple, Cooper wasn't convinced. How convenient would it be to be married to the most beautiful woman in town!	2001-07-25
6 stories	1. A Gift of The Heart-her father's death left Lavinia Russell penniless and alone just before Christmas...unless the rakish Marquis of Davenport would come to her aid and accept her offer to be his mistress. <br />2. The House Party-A Christmas house party had seemed just the thing, until murder entered the scene. Now Arabella Stapleton was worried about losing her heart and her life. <br />3. Sounds of Christmas-Susan Elstow was determined to bring some Christmas spirit to the unhappy inhabitants of Stagsden Hall. But would her mission of cheer be enough for the man she loved? <br />4. Under the Kissing Bough-Snowbound with the Earl of Westover on Christmas Eve, Rebecca Ware wondered whether the devilishly handsome rake who had saved her life might instead steal her heart... <br />5. Christmas at the Priory-A war injury, a house full of relatives and a bachelorhood existence had not put Tony Maitland in the best of holiday spirts. But would the lively Miss Ingram soon put things to rights? <br />6. Winter Enchantment-Lonely and disillusioned with life, Robert Gregory dreaded the holiday season. But a baby left on his doorstep and a mysterious young beauty promised an unusually intriguing Christmas.	2001-07-25
A knight in shining...Stetson.	From the moment the rugged rancher swept Lisa Hampton into his arms and out of a raging blizzard, she'd never felt safer in her life. Pregnant, alone and without a memory, what woman couldn't use a knight right about now? <br />Wary Jack Wilder was no knight; he did what any man would have done in his boots. But Jack could not deny that the feisty beauty and her unborn child had pierced right through his armored heart. Funny thing-for a man who'd sworn off women, he found himself want to protect Lisa and her baby...today...tomorrow...forever.	2001-07-25
Andrew Haywood was in trouble!	He knew he'd promised to watch out for Cally DuBois. But he'd never expected to be mooning over a wildflower of a woman who'd just as soon shoot him as look at him!<br />Sheriff Haywood just kept looking out for her, no matter what kind of weapon she waved at him.  And Cally was beginning to think the stubborn man was blinded by that fever she saw in his eyes every time he looked at her.  A fever that seemed to be catching!	2001-07-25
Love, Marriage and Castles in the Sky	She was the perfect wife, to a successful surgeon who wanted her at home even when he stopped coming home. She was a perfect mother, to children who treated her like a servent. She was a woman who reached beyond her shattered illusions of happily-ever-after for a dream of success and riches all her own. Never forgetting she was a lovely woman-in a man's world of cutthroat power struggles and multi-million-dollar deals-she would follow her driving passion for life from the playgrounds of Bel Air to the boardrooms of New York. On her way to the top there would be men who tried to keep her down, men who tried to use her-and one man who would make her see the beautiful extraordinary woman she was.	2001-07-24
Choose your own adventure book	On your vacation in CT you notice a huge, empty stone house at the top of the hill. Some of the windows are boarded up. Some are covered with vines. The old house, known at &quot;Chimney Rock,&quot; is so dark and gloomy that most people won't go near it.<br />But you are the curious type. Should you see for yourself what's inside? Your cousin urges you to go ahead.  <br />What will you do....you choose.	2001-07-23
Hard to put down.	The passion between Katrina and Jamie was so strong they could barely wait to be married. But then Bonnie Prince Charles landed on the Scottish coast, and the Highland clans, including Jamie, rose up to fight his claim to the throne. <br />Katrina was bereft - until Jamie came for her in the night and they were married secertly.  Now this innocent lass would follow her husband in a magnificent adventure that would ultimately earn her the name Scarlet Rebel.	2001-07-23
Great Romance	A grand passion was the sole reason Rachel Godfroy would ever marry, she'd boasted.  But soon the trials of the trail west had bound her all unwillingly to Will Hunter - the stranger who ended her girlhood and roused her restless heart!<br />A searching soul was needed to trek westward, Will Hunter knew, for life under the praire sky was full of surprises - such as a hurried marriage to ease an old man's passing and disturb a young man's dreams.  But through his frontier vows to Rachel Godfroy proved illegal, he soon learned that desire had laws of it's own...	2001-07-23
I really like this book!	The tale of a heroic cat who dared brave the monter of Hobb's Hole!<br />On the still air from the distant fields came a horrible mixture of a roar and a scream with a snarl mixed in, and even at that distance it was so loud that everyone knew one thing for certain. It was the noise of no ordinary creature!<br />Only Tom Plug, the butcher's fearless cat and a true hunter, dared brave the monster of Hobb's Hole in his lair - but some said it was a foolhardy mission that could cost him his life!	2001-07-23
Choose your own adventure book	Can you track down Dimitrius the human time bomb?<br />You are a crack operator for the Special Security Agency.  Now the agency is counting on you to find the deadly Dimitrius, a human time bomb who can explode with all the force of an atomic blast! But before you start your search you'll need an undercover identity. What should you be?<br />What happens next all depends on you....	2001-07-23
Spellbinding...	Alice Wiggins refused to cry as she saw her mother condemned as a witch and sent to the gallows in her English homeland.  To escape the same fate, Alice fled to the New World colony of Maine, where an inheritance awaited her-and straight into the arms of an arrogant stranger; Christopher Gunn.  The rugged backwoodsman ignited a restless sensuality deep inside her...his magnetism was too powerful to resist, and his caresses brought her to blissful surrender.  <br />In the strange beauty of the northeast woods, they were willingly enslaved by their desires. Yet Alice feared Christopher's heart was not hers alone...and to win his love, she challenged the violence of war and the hazards of nature. Vowing to fight for this magnificent man, she would sacrifice all for the sweet, insistent taste of his kisses.  As the secrets of the past closed around her, she would defy even death for the glorious fever of love that was her true destiny...	2001-07-23
Rich narrative powers	A brilliant flash of knowledge that illuminates the far reaches of the human mind. Through do Juan's mesmerizing stories, the true meaning of sorcery and magic is finally revealed.	2001-07-23
Great Romance	I love the characters. I had no trouble concentrating on this book. It was wonderfully written.	2001-07-23
Wicked Web and Tangled Lies	When Cassie Talbot rescued the semi-conscious man from the side of the road, she never expected to be so drawn to the cad. And when she discovered his true identity, she knew that he could never know the secret of who she really was. That truth would come at the cost of all that she held dear...But something kept drawing her back into his caress, yearning for yet another kiss. His touch was like a powerful drug, and once Cassie had one taste of his lips she became obsessed with the thought of more...<br />For the first time in his life, Cameron Chandler, was afraid. He had sailed the world and known many women, but there was something different about the daring vixen who saved his life. Maybe it was the way she fit so perfectly into his embrace, or the way her dark blue eyes mirrored his own passion...Cameron knew that she was keeping the truth of her identity close to her chest, but he swore to expose it and deal with the consequences. He knew one fact for certain: Cassie Talbot was his now to love, to cherish and to protect against any.	2001-07-21
8 stories	Here under one cover for the first time are eight scarce and long unavailable stories by one of the very best writers we have in science fiction.  Eight stories rich with the exotic and ironic aplomb of the singularly inventive and vivid style which characterizes the author.	2001-07-21
A very good book	For six years, Diana Farington Verney had buried herself in the country, far from the gossip surrounding her ill-fated marriage and late husbands demise. Indeed, London was the last place a lonely widow wanted to be, but she'd been summoned to oversee her sister's debut and vowed to hold her head high and do her duty, coolly avoiding the knowing looks on the all-too-familar faces among the town. The bold behavior of the dangerously handsome Lord Lucan, however, was too much to bear. Diana knew that the only proposal a woman in her position could hope for was an improper one, and she was not about to let a rake such as Lucan turn her head-or change her mind about love.<br />The Earl of Lucan was no romantic, especially when it came to choosing his wife, but even he knew that second chances were rare gifts of fate-and so when he saw the golden-haired Diana again, he swore to win her over this time around.  Six years had passed since she'd caught his eye during her first London season, and she'd blossomed most beautifully from fresh faced girl to desirable woman.  Sadly, she had lost her endearing innocence along the way and now looked at all men-including himself-with a jaundiced eye, Lucan knew he was no saint, but somehow he would convince Diana that she was capable of passion-even if he had to compel her with his kisses!	2001-07-21
from back cover	Sometimes the movie biz can be murder. Is it malicious mischief, or something more sinister? That's the question for Staff Inspector Charlie Salter, working undercover as a police &quot;adviser&quot; to a movie crew shooting in Toronto.  A fake fire alarm, a missing can of film, a damaged sound machine, and a kidnapped actor are merely opening salvos in what appears to be an attempt to halt production on this ill-fated film. Yet who among the bickering cast and crew would want to see the movie fail? Could it be the Easter European actor who's made a name for himself playing villians; the arrogant, egocentric star; the flakey first assistant director; or the obnoxious screenwriter who's on everyone's hit list?  It's a reel-life mystery that has Charlie Salter dreading the next scene. But when the leading man is mugged and a prime player is found with a dagger through his chest, Salter takes the lead in a homicidal drama that stretches from Toronto to Bucharest, on a trail steeped in blood, retribution, and corrosive memory.	2001-07-20
from back of book	Star Trek #43-Sequel to 'Chain Of Attack'. Uncounted centuries ago, an unknown race from beyond our galaxy created a series of interstellar gates-shortcuts across out universe-and then disappeared, leaving behind no clues to their fate, or the operation of their systems. Twice before, the Enterprise has used the system to traverse the galaxy, and returned each time no wiser to the gates of the operation. Now it is imperative that they find out. For the gates are breaking down, taking the very stars in the sky with them. The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of the Enterprise crew, and their ability to communicate not only with creatures from another world-but from another universe as well.	2001-07-20
from the back cover**14 weeks NY  Times Bestseller	In a bizarre assassination plot aimed at the two world leaders, the Russian premier is killed. <br />Sven Ericson, President of the United States, has survived...but the lusty, vital young leader is totally blind. In a world he can no longer see, the political fangs are bared.  The jackals line up on either side to drive him from office - or clamor for power in the crisis.<br />Who can he trust now?<br />Which of his well-kept secrets will rise up now to strike him down? Can he trust his friends? His advisors? Can he even trust the woman who knows his deepest, most private hungers?  While a frightend world waits, Ericson begins fighting back...in the dark.	2001-07-20
from back cover	They came from all over. Farmers from New Hampshire, get-rich-quick schemers from Ohio, merchants from Missouri, second-sons from England, ladies of the evenings and Mormons from Illinois. Many would not make it, but no one could stop them from trying. It was the spring of 1848, and thousands were heading West to carve an empire out of raw land. <br />These strong and courageous pioneers had half their lives packed into their covered wagons and the other half staked on the future of the wild frontier. They knew there would be hardships, death, Indian attack, and rough, dangerous terrain.  And they knew there would be great happiness and fulfillment when they settled the untouched earth with their own blood, sweat and tears.  <br />But these people were adventurers; brave pioneers with passion in their hearts and spirit in their souls.  They were willing to take a chance on life, themselves and on America.	2001-07-20
Ghouls on the loose	Every October in Beardsville, Vermont, the macabre was customary and neighbors were more likely to borrow eye of newt than a cup of sugar.  It was all in good fun...or was it?<br />Lauren Kent knew someone was spooking this town, and it wasn't Casper the Friendly Ghost. Where she saw peril, the townsfolk only saw pranks - even true crime writer Sam Burdett.<br />About the only thing they could agree on was that their attraction was dead-on...until scarecrows started walking the streets of Beardsvill and haunted houses told their own tales. <br />Laren had become the next target of the eerie spector - and to save her, Sam knew he had only a ghost of a chance.	2001-07-20
Thrilling	Orbiting 500 miles above earth, eight dedicated scientist-six men and two women-are conducting experiments in weightlessness. The only crisis has been a conflict between the navigation program director and the mission chief over the affections of one of the women.  But this problem is quickly put aside for another, more deadly one-a plague that strikes the station...	2001-07-20
Babies and Bachelors	Sexy single father Dylan Mitchell had learned the hard way to never trust a beautiful woman. So although he would always be indebted to Laura Adams for thwarting a kidnapping attempt on his beloved daughter he wasn't about to show his gratitude by offering his heart on a silver platter! But what was the brooding bachelor to do when his matchmaking millionaire father rewarded Laura's heroism...by giving her part of the family fortune? For despite Dylan's love phobia, something about the beguiling Laura touched Dylan's soul, filling him with hope-and desire. Yet he sensed that she was keeping secrets-the kind that could shatter his world...	2001-07-20
from back cover	Hannah Forrester's life did not belong to her.  A contract of indentured saw to that. But no one owned her soul, and Ethan Reed knew instinctively that she was the one who belonged by his side, for now and forever. <br />Rugged as the frontier he roamed, Ethan had left his mark on Hannah's heart. Yet, though he'd guided her through a new land of wonder, she knew his rambling ways could only lead her astray.	2001-07-20
Wonderful book!	Abbie returns to her hometown to recover from a failed love affair and becomes enamored with the town's handsome new minister.	2001-07-20
America's favorite teenage romance	Kara should have been thrilled! The average girl would probably have been ecstatic to have her mom marry a famous and popular DJ and to move into a reputedly haunted old mansion, but Kara was finding the experience unnerving. Not only was she having trouble with her new stepfather, but she was also beginning to feel that there might be some truth to the ghostly rumors. To top it all, Reid, the boy she loved, was quite obviously more interested in tracking down the ghost than in pursuing a romance.	2001-07-20
Wonderful! Hard to put down.	Lillis of Wellewyn was the most beautiful woman Alexander had ever seen. A bride out of legend. Yet never could he claim her as his own, for he had vowed to let her to when the last of his people were free from her father's tyranny.<br />Alexander Baldwin was known as an honorable knight, yet to Lillis he was nothing more than a bully who had married her for her dowered lands. A man who had not only made her his prisoner, but had slowly, and ruthlessly, stolen her heart.	2001-07-20
Theives World Is Invaded!	A collection of top fantasy writers have contributed to this unique experience of tales.	2001-07-20
Thirteen eerie tales.	Compelling and crackling with suspense, these thirteen evocative stories of young people's encounters with the supernatural are a feast for those who love the sinister.	2001-07-19
From back cover	Sandy Sebastian was only a kid-a lost, lonely, unhappy young girl who ran away with another equally lost kid called Davy Spanner. One was a homicidal killer. Both were kidnappers, and Lew Archer was hired to stop them before anyone got hurt. Archer had followed bloody trails before-but never one as bizarre and terrible as this...The Instant Enemy.	2001-07-19
I enjoyed the book	A serial killer story with a twist and a post-Cold War spy novel. Just when you think you know what will happen everything changes. Hard to put down.	2001-07-19
from back cover	Yanked from KJTX-TV's helicopter by the strong arms of a virle stranger, Jordan Donner twisted around to discover that Nicholas Estevis, the station's new owner, thought she was trespassing! When she convinced him she'd been hired as a pilot-reporter to boost ratings, he was shocked-and mesmerized by the sweet curves of Jordan's mouth, the fiery glory of her auburn hair, and the undeniable desire he read in her eyes. Determined to ignore the Casanova on the prowl, Jordan tried to resist the gorgeous scoundrel, but Mr Tall, Dark, and Mysterious tantalized her with flowers, charmed her with his wit, and claimed her with hot, searching caresses that seared her heart. Need consumed Jordan like wildfire, filled her with a sweet madness that only one man could satisfy, but early heartbreak had left her scared to trust her hopes. Until he echoed her words of love, could she believe that Nick shared her cherished dream of forever?	2001-07-19
from back of book	There was magic the moment they met...She was a flame-haired beauty fleeing from those who would kidnap her young son, the duke's only heir. He was a brillant scientist-handsome, dynamic...and completely reckless in the presence of the spirited, independent young widow whose flashing eyes set his blood on fire.  His searing kisses left her shaken, yet helpless to deny him-or her own desire.  <br />But both were concealing dark and dangerous secrets-secrets that hinted at lies and betrayal...and threatened to destroy even the idyllic love that had bind them forever.	2001-07-17
from back cover	Across the Seas of Darkness.<br />Camelot was gone and Arthur lay in the sleep of the forever undead. Only a small band of loyal men were left, guided by the magical wisdom of Merlin.  United, they braved uncharted seas toward the mysterious Lands of the West. With them they carried the Thirteen Magic Treasures of Britian and the power of Merlin's Ring.  <br />Ahead of them lay unknown lands that offered lush wonders and ecstasies beyond their dreams and savage creatures that drove them into horrors beyond any nighmare. <br />For Ventidius Varro, a Roman centurion who had given his service to Arthur, this was to be an odyssey of soul-stirring glory and heartbreaking discovery...an an odyessy that would bring him the love of a beautiful woman and take from him his son Gwalchmai.  <br />And before Gwalchmai, godson of Merlin, lay an even darker and more mysterious quest.	2001-07-17
The Last Demon Prince	Howard Alan Treesong gave a banquet to ten friends. All died in agony, save himself. Howard Alan Treesong went to his old school reunion to teach his former classmates the meaning of horror.  Howard Alan Treesong  was the most elusive of the five Demon Princes upon whom Kirth Gersen had sworn vengenance. A galaxy-wide guessing game proved his undoing. Howard Alan Treesong wrote his own book and called it &quot;The Book of Dreams.&quot;	2001-07-11
Bitter Enemies	The nations of Deva and Vashti shared no history, no customs, no laws. They all worshipped the horse-god Suth, but the rituals and magics of one people were the heresies of the other.<br />Two nations that shared only one thing-the curse of the Nameless One. A demonic hatred that could destroy the lands of Suth.<br />Now three people must confront the Nameless One, Prince Kyrem of Deva: young warrior, master of the great stallion Omber; and a hostage to peace. King Auron of Vashti: last of his line, a pacifist magician and healer bound by his land, trapped by his priesthood. And Seda: an orphan born lower than a slave, with no past, no future, no true name, no hope-but bearer of an unknown legacy, and an unknowable destiny.<br />To survive, they would have to find the love and magic to challenge the hatred of generations. And to save their world, they would have to find the strength to battle history, heaven, and hell.	2001-07-10
First Rate. An Enjoyable Adventure	Elite 26th-century commandos, the ARC Riders patrol time to protect all human history...<br />The USSR crumbles, Russian hardliners jump from 1991 to AD 9, when their modern weapons can warp the course of the Roman Empire and create a world ruled by the Kremlin-using time technology that doesn't exist in the 20th century...or the 26th.<br />To solve the mystery, the Riders must split into teams separated by millennia. And while three Riders are trapped between the Roman legions and a blood-maddened barbarian horde, their comrades are at war on the Moscow streets. And fighting an inconceivable enemy.	2001-07-10
Fast Paced	The Gulf Coast of Texas. Deadly deals are made here...and deadlier secrets are hidden...<br />It was a nice, clean scam, John Rodrigue thought. Sink a boat way out in the Gulf so the owner could collect on the insurance, and pick up two thousand bucks for himself-easy money for a one-eyed salvager with a streak of piracy. After all, with two grand in his pocket and Sandy-a free-spirited and seductive barmaid-in his bed, life looks pretty darn sweet. Then Rodrigue learns that the boat was part of a dirty deal involving drug smuggling and something even dirtier: politics. Even with his glass eye, Rodrigue can see trouble coming...serious trouble.	2001-07-09
Scottish tale of love.	Josh Campbell might not have been the man of her dreams but he fit Heather's fantasies just fine.  When he stopped on a deserted road to give her a ride, she played a mischievous Scottish lass to the hilt, hinting at a passion she had never felt before.  Josh was irresistibly drawn to her, but doubted if he could ever make her happy. She adored this modern day Viking but would fate stand in her way? Were she and Josh ready to play for keeps?	2001-07-08
Love where you least expect it.	When jazz pianist Pete Cochrane looked up from the keyboard into Lisa Sinclair's smokey, almond-shaped eyes, he missed a beat-or his heart did. Captivated by the exquiste honey-blonde whose lips were the pale pink of a seashell, he began to play Duke Ellighton's &quot;Sophisticated Lady&quot;...and mesmerized the elegant goddess. Stunned the the potent appeal of this musical James Bond who caressed the keys the way a woman was meant to be caressed, Lisa vowed she wasn't looking for a fling with a wandering minstrel and resisted the haunting power of his playing-and the heartstopping urgency in his embrace. At first Pete had thought her untouchable, a woman whose glamorous business in the South of France put her out of his reach, but Lisa was warm, responsive, ready to explode with sensual hunger, yet needed time to reveal herself to him. Could these two vagabond lovers become one witht he wind and join the music of their lives?	2001-07-08
Enjoyed this book!	&quot;...On earth there is no beauty greater than yours&quot;, He murmured reverently.  She saw fire and admiration in his eyes. Soon, innocence would be gone replaced by intimacy and innovation...&quot;<br />And it only gets better...	2001-07-08
On the run they found rapture as wild as an untamed stallion	When circus trick rider Lark McKay found herself witnessing an Oklahoma hanging, she was startled to see a dark-eyed, square-jawed hunk of an outlaw brazenly wink at her from the gallows. But the real shock came when a frenzied shootout began and the escaping desperado swept her onto his fast-fleeing gelding! Lark didn't know whether Logan Walker was a despicable criminal or a desperate innocent; at his mercy, she wondered where to turn...until his hot breath fanned her innermost desires and his seductive touch stoked fires hot enough to brand her his alone! <br />Wrongfully convicted of murder, Logan was glad to be freed from the noose-for the moment, anyway-but he was even more pleased to have claimed the vision he'd spotted in the hanging audience. Golden-haired, sparkling-eyed Lark was his ticket to freedom, yet this beautiful hostage had imprisoned him with a raging desire. Logan thought once he'd slowly and sensuously sated himself, he'd be free of her...but once he felt her melting in his arms, Logan realized this passion-filled filly might just hold his heart prisoner forever...	2001-07-08
Do you think $3.67 is enough to buy a daddy ?	A five-year-old girl goes looking for a new daddy and in the process finds a new love for her single mother.   His job as a financier had been enough to satisfy him before the five year old next door offered her life savings to make him her `Daddy on Demand', and when he meets her beautiful mother, he realizes just how much he's been missing. Judy Christenberry provides delightful characters and adorable situations in this appealing tale.	2001-07-08
from the back of the book	JD Smith watched the woman with the wild chestnut hair and sky blue eyes coach a football team of tough youths and wondered how it would be to tangle with the dragon lady! He longed to kiss Charly's defiant mouth, to watch her eyes change color when surprise became desire,and to understand this beautiful, hot-tempered spitfire whose middle name was Trouble!  <br />Charly had to find a way to persuade JD to fund her school's program for difficult kids, but challenging him to share her life and watch her work let him get too close to resist. Charly tempted JD with playful seduction, taught him delicious games he'd forgotten, but when they dueled with wits and bodies, both had everything to win-and something to lose. JD needed to convince his lovable, changeable hellion she deserved to be cherished, but fear and pride made a formidable wall. Could one slightly tarnished knight storm Charly's defenses and win her love?	2001-07-08
Did she love him enought to push the demon's from her heart?	When Mary DeLaney looked out her window and saw a hunk sprawled in a wading pool and singing to the moon, interrupting her much needed sleep, she threw a vase of flowers at him - and nearly killed Bruce. How was she to know her new neighbor was allergic to daisies. A speedy rescue introduced her to the most virle man she'd ever seen...	2001-07-08
Prehistoric Romance	An enchanting tale about life in prehistoric France. How tribes interacted and customs change. A love story with a great ending. I enjoyed this book more than Jean Auel's books. Quicker paced, harder to put down.	2001-07-08
Was he her salvation or her destruction?	Vittoio had appeared suddenly when her life was at the lowest, to carried her off to a Mediterranean paradise. Soon she had less and less power to resist him, nor did she want too!	2001-07-08
Jungle Love	Nikki Kydd and Josh Rios had been photojournalists partners for 3 years reporting about a San Simeon dictatorship. Josh could no longer resist Nikki and was going to send her home.In the warm, dark tropical night he couldn't let her go without teaching the green-eyed witch her power as a woman and healing his soul with the sultry fire of her angel's lips. But the morning she was to leave she disappeared...a year later she needs Josh to helpl find her mother...will he forgive her and help he?.	2001-07-08
Hubba, hubba...	He walked out of her dreams and into her arms - but was he a gift from the gypsies...or a curse?	2001-07-08
love in unlikely places	Could she uncover the secrets he wouldn't reveal and capture the treasure of his everlasting love?	2001-07-08
This cowboy knows more than he's telling...	McCain wasn't a murderer.And defense attorney Lauren Hamilton had a weakness for sexy bad boys, and her latest client certainly fit the bill. Helplessly drawn to accused killer Jon McCain, she believed his claims of innocence and that he had truly forgotten his past. Still she sensed the cowboy was hiding something...<br />from back of book	2001-07-07
Revolution, Redemption, Resurrection	War and mystery beyond the stars.  Sgt &quot;Det&quot; Cox has just spent three years under psych observation on Earth; now that he's out-system, he isn't about to tell anyone he's seeing aliens again. Paige Barnett has lost everything, even her name, because she knows too much about the rebellion spreading through-out the Earth-Space mining colonies. <br />Together Cox and Barnett stumble upon the mystery at the revolution's heart and learn why the rebels are willing to die for it. <br />Is their discovery mankind's worst threat or greatest gift? The authorities are willing to destroy whole planets to keep the revolution's secret from reaching Earth....What's to stop them from destroying two people?<br />This is a novel you can't put down!!!	2001-07-07
from the back cover	A near death experience changed his life...And Jared Slater vanished into the North Carolina mountains. Living in an isolated cabin, he told no one about the terrifying dreams of a killer stalking women. Or that those dreams had turned to nightmares because they were coming true. Jared even knew the next victim would be a woman named Tyler Harris. But when the lady actually walked into his life, she warmed him body and soul. Somehow, he had to tell her the truth. But could he force himself to reject the only woman he could ever love-in order to keep her out of danger?	2001-07-07
Delightful romantic comedy	He'd been offered the deal of a lifetime... But Keir Saunders needed something extra to really impress his prospective business partners. He needed the perfect business accessory-a wife! And who better than his office manager, Jessica? She was smart, beautiful, and would add the finishing touch to Keir's corporate image! The marriage merger: There was just one problem. This marriage couldn't be a hostile takeover-Jessica had to agree to Keir's terms. And Jessica was adamant that her job discription didn't include making wedding plans with the boss! Leigh Michaels does it again with a a delightful romatic comedy that will captivate you from page one.	2001-07-07
He wanted an unusual kind of repayment...	Alone and penniless, Emma didn't have much to live for-until she met Simon Charles. It was he who forced her to get a grip on life.<br />In return he expected Emma to travel with him as his &quot;female attachement,&quot; a sort of cover for some mysterious business he was involved in.<br />Emma wasn't sure she trusted him-or her traitorous reactions whenever he came near.<br />From back cover	2001-07-07
Dangerous attraction...Who was Nick Barnett?	Divorcee Jenny Lake had to find out who Nick Barnett was. The virile stranger didn't look like your average neighborhood ice cream man, and Jenny's neighbor's were convinced he was some sort of criminal. Jenny couldn't believe it. But was that because she was already dangerously attracted to enigmatic, mysterious Nick? Nick's mission was to keep close tabs on Jenny; posing as the man in the white truck was the perfect cover. But he never accept this sexy, earthy mother of two as a forger and thief. Not Jenny, the only woman who had ever made him think about hearth and home... Jenny, who'd melted his cold loner's heart-and who could never be his. <br /> from back cover	2001-07-07
Women Who Dared*	Was she falling in love with the man? Or the badge? A few weeks ago, Karen Lindberg wouldn't have had to ask herself that question. But she hadn't met Neal Rowland then. And in a small town torn apart by suspicion-by danger-the local police chief meant protection. Maybe Karen had always harbored a secret wish to find a man stroger than she was, a man who could take care of her. Nonsense! Karen was a born rebel who'd never wanted to depend on anyone. It was time she took matters into her own hands and stopped waiting passively for a man to protect her. And if Neal couldn't accept that-accept her right to choose her own risks-then he wasn't the man for her. Her decision made perfect sense. In the daylight. But in the dark of night, all that matters is love. <br />from back cover	2001-07-07
From the back cover of the book	Three proud generations, whose passion for the land was surpassed only by their passion for each other... It was the last of the giant California ranches, and one family shaped its destiny for generations...Leander Champion Buckles III dominated a room the way mountains dominate the plains. He loved Cira Pico McCartney, the beautiful half-Spanish girl whose dark eyes were flecked with gold. Though they could never marry, together they would forge a Golden Empire. Over the years the passion of the Buckles family nourished and built the land. And, as new gernerations grew up and took over, it was the same human passion that ultimately threatened to destroy the Golden Empire.	2001-07-07
Wedding Bell Blues	Nick was everything a woman could possibly wish for in a man. If a man, and marriage, were what the woman wanted. But it wasn't. Not for Beth. She couldn't afford to relinquish even a small part of herself to a man ever again. Not now. Not ever. But Nick had other ideas...	2001-07-07
A Short Comtemporary Romance	He didn't mean to lie to Becky...but then he didn't mean to fall in love with her either. All because of this problem. Kind of an unusual problem. You see, Daniel is rich and famous and doesn't want anyone to know. <br />He just wants to live an ordinary life, away from reporters and cameras and society parties. That's why he came to Minneaplois; that's why he took an ordinary office job; that's why he's lying to Becky.<br />But Becky's hiding something from him, too...<br />Cute little story!	2001-07-07
From back cover of book	When opportunity knocked, Abbie answered pronto! Free-lance journalist Abbie Kincaid aimed to ferret out the publicity-shy Oklahoma inventor, Mal Garrett. Then she overheard the elusive Mal mention he needed a long-distance test driver-with himself as passenger. Setting Mal up for her scoop, Abbie impulsively volunteered. And she got the job, unaware that Mal counted on her to win an important bet-against Roxanne, the woman who had double-crossed him years before. Grudgingly, Abbie found herself captivated by Mal's rugged charms. But he had already been badly hurt once...and now she, too, was betraying his trust.	2001-07-07
Dreams of love...	For lovely Jennifer Avery, stationed with her career officer husband and two young daughters in Naples, marriage is no longer the joyous, fulfilling union it once was. Torn by her changing feelings for the man she married too young, she makes a decision that will shatter forever the safe, secure world she has known. But it is a step she knows she must take-before it is too late... For attorney Richard Lassiter, Jennifer is the one woman he has never been able to forget. Now he has come to Italy to find the elusive midwestern beauty he is at last free to love-and to seize their only chance of happiness together. And Jenny, enthralled by this sensual stranger who has swept back into her life, must find the courage to leave the past behind-and embrace a rapturous new dream of love...	2001-07-07
loved it!	Lida Reinhart deeply resents John Sexton, the Southerner her Amish community calls &quot;The English,&quot; who has brought tragedy to her family and secretly works as a &quot;sojourner&quot; on the Underground Railroad. Ambushed by bounty hunters, Sexton and her brother Ephraim are shot. Now she is forced by Amish standards of courtesy to care for the wounded man she blames for her brother's death at the same time she tries desperately to deny their growing, if antagonistic, attraction to each other. Although of more than passing interest because of the Amish setting, Wimberly's (You Must Remember This, Silhouette, 1996) story is almost anticlimactic after a dramatic start with the intrigue of the Underground Railroad. Once the characters are married, the historical interest evaporates.	2001-07-07
A thousand thrill before the last page.	Action packed and a good suspense story I enjoyed. Did not find it boring as previous writer stated. A story about a threat to California and how it might fall into the ocean, except for the fortitude of one man...our hero Det Sgt Ryder.	2001-07-07
Object: Matrimony	So ended Erin Dunmore's advertisement in the Walla Walla newspaper. Unless she found a husband quickly, Erin would face a lifetime of unwed motherhood. She prayed daily that her ad would be answered by a man who could fulfill her dreams of home, family, and love. <br />Mace Dalton needed a wife, all right. But his secluded ranch was hard on women, and his rambunctious kids had driven away more housekeepers than he could count. A wife would be bound to him by law-his law. For Mace had enough of home and family, and love was something strictly fromt he past...<br />from back of book	2001-07-07
from the back cover	When BJ Gray roared up Cal Mixall's driveway, wrapped in form-fitting black leather, and crashed her motorcycle into his greenhouse, he was enchanted...and bent to kiss the shaken lady as the prince had awakened Sleeping Beauty! She responed to his kisses like delectable dynamite, but BJ was stunned that she'd reacted so wildly to Cal's potent lips - this was the man she'd hated since girlhood, the heartless boy who'd laughed at her less-that-perfect teenage body and face. Now he found her alluring, impossibly attractive-and she couldn't believe he accepted the beautiful illusion she'd become. Had she for years hated a man who never existed, remembered a boy's careless joke and ignored complex, intriguing artist Cal had become? Filled with longing BJ craved the heat of this body, the hunger in his eyes, but she feared he'd remember the secret of her past. Could Cal teach her to see herself as he did, and set her free to soar?	2001-07-07
Intrigue, love, a great read....	In the splendor of the Russia's &quot;White Nights,&quot; she kindled a flame of love that blazed into a savage passion on the night of the wolf.<br />Pale, emerald-eyed, she was as tantalizing as the legendary Rusalka who lured young men to the depths of Russia's lonely lakes...<br />In the glittering ballrooms and salons of St Petersburg, mischievous Christina Dering, the English doctor's daughter, enticed the wild Prince Alexis Suvarin and struck a smouldering spark of desire. Then Napoleon's swift victories forced her to flee to England, to her uncle's great house on the bleak Devon Marsh.  <br />But Forthersby was less a refuge than a prison. Trapped by dark family secrets, caught in webs of intrigue spun by ruthless men bent on Napoleon's cause, Christina had no hope to escape...Until Alexis mysteriously appeared in England. Could she trust his savage tenderness? Would he carry her back to Russia and happiness? Would he fulfill her desiny's promise on...the night of the wolf? <br />from the back cover	2001-07-07
From the Back of the Book	How did you thank someone for saving your life? Cathy Stephenson wondered, gazing up at the handsome hunk who'd pulled her from the ocean. Michael Winters tightened his arms around the pretty sea nymph and suddenly wanted to tilt at windmill, battle dragons...and kiss the salt off this mermaid's lips! When Cathy learned her guardian angel was the Bachelor of the Year, and that she was trapped on a yacht headed for the Caribbean, she knew she'd been swept into a romantic dream-and was rapidly falling for the jaded playboy. Michael showed her the stars and carried her off to a beach with pink sand, but when an unexpected storm marooned them on a deserted island, the sweet fury of passion erupted between them. Cathy smelled of sea foam and sunshine, awakening Michael's hunger as nothing ever had-and he felt reborn, Robinson Crusoe and his ladylove. But could the wonderful dream they'd woven together survive back in the world?	2001-07-07
Forbidden!	'I want you to become my mistress!' Suzanna was stunned! She was no longer the naive seventeen-year-old who had thrown herself at Pasquale Caliandro; now she was renowned model Suki. Other men might proposition her, but Pasquale had bitterly rejected her seven years ago. True, the electric charge between them was as strong as ever, but what was that without any tender feelings? He must be mad or have a very warped sense of humor! But, she thought, Pasquale never joked about business-and being his mistress was business... <br />from back cover of book	2001-07-07
Hearts of the West	Every Man Has His Price! Lost Springs Ranch was famous for turning young mavericks into good men. So word that the ranch was in financial trouble sent a herd of loyal bachelors stampeding back to Wyoming to put themselves on the auction block! Is This Man For You? Name: Scott McKay Age: 33 Occupation: Gentleman rancher; In Five Words: Restless, Impulsive, Adventurous, Generous, Honest-to-a-fault Biggest; Achievement: Surviving daring adventures; Where Can We Find You: Mountain climbing in Nepal, or surfing in Australia, or deep-sea diving in the Caribbean, or...; Ideal Woman: A girl who's not afraid to fly by the seat of her pants. Blair Townsend didn't know the meaning of chaos until her holy terror of a nephew came to live with her. Jeffery needed a positive rold model-and Blair wasn't above buying one. Sexy-as-sin rancher Scott McKay looked like he'd have no trouble teaching Jeffrey to be a man. Only Scott seemed far more interested in showing Blair how to be a woman... <br />from the back of the book	2001-07-07
A story to touch the heart and make it sing.	A magnificent novel of love and war. The Whittakers...as proud and strong as their great house at Breezy Hill...until one sleepy Southern Sunday, a radio broadcast from a faraway place called Pearl Harbor shatters their gentle way of life forever...	2001-07-07
Intrigue on the High Seas.	Meg Delgado has an exciting career as a private investigator in cruise ship crime. Her latest assignment is to catch a thief. She's already got a suspect in mind, a debonair Cary Grant type named Noah Danforth. They both discover that deceptions and disguises lead to danger...and to romance.	2001-07-07
Kate knew exactly what to do	Since her great-uncle Henry had died and left her a half share in a villa in the south of France, she would pack her things and head straight there for the summer.<br />There was only one drawback. The other half of the villa had been left to Rafe Claredon-a man whose reputation was ledgendary in her family!<br />Upon arriving, Kate found herself confronted by this man whom her mother had always claimed was half devil. Hardly surprising  then that so much trouble quickly followed...	2001-07-07
from the back cover of the book	Is it true that winning isn't everything? The Hall sisters were no strangers to success. And Ivy, the youngest and shiest sister, had a lot to live up to. So when she started a new job, she was determined to show the world just what she could do. There was one flaw in her plan, though. Rick Scott, her oh-so-handsome co-worker, didn't think she could succeed on her own. Of course, it was only after she resisted his help, demanded he treat her like everyone else and made a big mistake, that she realized she might be the wrong woman for that job. And he might be the right man for her.	2001-07-06
from the back cover of book	The Lavettes-Torn by divorce, dissension, and warring passions, the Lavettes face their most painful truths, mirroring a nation divided in the aftermath of Vietnam. The loves that seemed inviolate, the unquestioned loyalties, are struck down in an era of broken promises and lost ideas. <br />Barbara Lavette -Trapped between her own heroic past, her family's needs, and the shadow of her own encroaching age, Barbara is at the crossroads. Embracing the challenge of a congressional race, going out to face war - and love - in El Salvador, she must become the inspriation of her embattled family, the microcosm that is her ultimate testing ground for courage and strength.	2001-07-06
from back cover	Man-beast, the islanders called Oliver Keane. Big, brash and powerful, Alexa Fairfield could sense his aura of danger. And was drawn to him despite it. For he was the one man who could help her expose a murderous secret-and make her ache for jungle nights at passion's edge... In the garden paradise of Barbados, the flower that bloomed most brilliantly was Alexa Fairfield. Her flesh was petal-soft, her scent, intoxicating. Such a woman could bewitch any man. And Oliver Keane knew he'd sell his soul for a lifetime of such enchantment...!	2001-07-06
LoveSwept	Dillion McKenzie followed a tantalizing scent to his neighbor's kitchen...and found delicious temptation living next door. No man had ever called her beautiful and made her believe it until now, but could she and Dillion join their families and their dreams?	2001-07-06
A street smart cop takes on a master spy	A master of espionage prepares for the biggest job of his career. Raphael Kooven, jet setting spy, and deadly adversary. He sells his services to the highest bidder. His target: three million in US defense secrets. And not even death will stop him. On the eve of the heist he suffers a massive heart attack, but a medical miracle brings him back from the dead. Kooven reawakens in another man's body. Reborn with a new face and strange memories-and an assignment to complete. Only one man stands in his way. Marty Horn, a burnt-out big-city cop, willing to risk it all...because he has nothing left to lose.	2001-07-06
from the back cover of the book	Fascinating, funny, romantic, wise... This is a stunning exploration of the American Jewish experience - the heartfelt tale of every immigrant torn between the culture of his forefathers and the glorious temptations of a new land's dream. - A grand piece of storytelling-Boston Globe. Rich and compelling-The New York Times. Laugh until your side aches...Wipe away a tear...-Pittsburgh Press	2001-07-06
She wore a mask of propriety but was a coquette at heart	Despite her fetching blue eyes and sable hair, Kate Elliot remained every bit the prim and practical schoolmistress. Few at Miss Venable's Seminary for Young Ladies would have dreamed that Kate had entertained romantic notions in her girlhood! At 28, she remained firmly on the shelf, and with the closing of the school, firmly unemployed. Hence, she welcomed the invitation to be Liza Ashcoft's chaperone for the Season at Bath. But how would she endure the girl's toplofty father? Patience was not in her nature. Damion Ashcoft was certain that Miss Elliott would be the ideal companion for his daughter. A wallflower of quiet virtues, she would neither distract the handsome widower from scholarly pursuits nor be bothered by his disdain for women. So he was stunned to discover that them impudent Miss Elliott was outspoken to a fare-the-well. And shocked when sassy Kate made his pulse race alarmingly-surely out of anger. Ashcoft would have to teach her how to behave properly...	2001-07-06
To find her son, she had to trust another man...	Her dead husband called... saying he was the culprit who'd snatched Ali Weyden's son from Santa's lap. Little Robbie was safe. He'd soon be returned in time for Christmas-as soon as Ali got the bank to release the hefty insurance settlement she'd received upon her husband's falsified death. Ali's dead husband was alive, her son was missing and her mind was reeling. She turned to the one man she could almost trust-the single dad next door, crime writer Logan Reed. Logan's strong arms comforted, his lips reassured...and while his razor sharp mind pieced together the puzzle, Ali began to love again. But the stakes were raised: her deceased husband was found dead - again. And her son was still missing... <br />from back cover	2001-07-06
Great Book!	Lucas Bonner was a dead man-at least to the lynch mob that had left him swinging from a tree. But a faulty noose had literally saved his neck, and he fled to the desert, his soul embittered by betrayal...Until he found Elena, the beautiful white captive whose life he would save...and whose love he could never have. Elena O'Toole's nightmare was nearly over. Soon she would be reunited with her family and her betrothed after years of being an Apache slave. And she owed it all to Lucas Bonner, the moody, silent drifter whose face begun to fill her dreams.	2001-07-05
Author of Winds of War-A grand piece of storytelling.	&quot;Inside, Outside&quot; comes as close to being an outright autobiography as Wouk is likely to write.&quot;<br />&quot;Wouk demonstrates his ability to write with compassion about people both literary and historical, real and imaginary.&quot;<br />Wouk's 1985 saga is a social comedy of Jewish-American life reaching from New York to Jerusalem and spanning much of the 20th century.	2001-07-05
Enjoyable to read	A sassy society miss masquerades as twins for double trouble and double fun! A terrific and wonderful read. I highly recommend it.	2001-07-01
Once again Sidney Sheldon has a best seller!	Who is Kate Blackwell? The symbol of success, the beautiful woman who parlayed her inheritance into an international conglomerate. Winner of a unique position among the wealthy and world renowned. Who is Kate Blackwell? A survivor, indomitable as her father, the man who returned from the edge of death to wrench a fortune in diamonds from the bleak South African earth. Now, celebrating her ninetieth birthday, Kate surveys the family she has manipulated, dominated and loved: the fair and the grotesque, the mad and the mild, the good and the evil-her winnings in life. Is she the Master of the Game? <br />from the back of the book	2001-07-01
Wow!	I thought this was going to be actual memoirs of a real Russian princess. What it actually is is a sexual communication with the working class and how! Make sure you have your honey near by when you read this one!	2001-07-01
From the back cover	Lord of The Living Dead. Thousands of Worm Brains had already undergone the startling transformation to something that was less, and somehow more, than human. Helen McIntyre was one of them-but with a difference. She could hear their thoughts in her head, and they worshipped her for it. But the mind she most cherished was closed to her, for the man she loved, Blaise Cunningham, was only normal, and each day he was slipping farther away from her. Blaise knew that it was up to him to protect Helen and her kind, but he didn't know how. And the Worm Brains' answer-that he take the final step himself and become one of them-was not an acceptable solution. But Helen and the others who had once been human knew the truth: Blaise Cunningham was the key to God...	2001-07-01
A pair of unforgettable lovers.	Major James Ryerson's brutal attacks on the South had destroyed Elizabeth Wheaton's life...and nearly robbed her of her spirit. His name was forever etched in her mind-even after she fled the South to seek peace from the war she despised. Out West Elizabeth was taken captive by the Cheyenne, but the rugged tribe grew to respect the radiant beauty who became their healer and lived among them as a friend. They called her Many Fires. <br />Elizabeth vowed to forget her painful past-until Major Ryerson arrived at her stark home on the prairie. Ryerson's troops faced an inevitable conflict with the Cheyenne, but his men desperately needed the medical attention only Elizabeth could provide. To safeguard Elizabeth's honor, the pair agreed to pose at husband and wife-and soon discovered a lasting bond in their hatred of war. Together, they fought to mend the heartache of their broken past-while surrendering to the many fires of longing that burned in their souls... <br />from the back of the book	2001-07-01
The best technology will rule the earth!	With the creation of an amazing supercomputer, Japan threatens to ascend the throne of ultimate power, leaving the US cowering in the dust. And so sets the stage for a bitter clash of industrial giants. <br />A treacherous battle of wits involving the most motley band or warriors ever to shape global destiny: a brilliant ex-con capable of robbing millions of dollars with the touch of a computer key, a beautiful electronics genius and a CIA functionary joined together in a deadly game of international corporate espionage. It's a complex caper of sex and sabotage, of the double and triple cross, where the winner takes all and the loser forfeits the world. <br />from back corner of book	2001-06-30
The Ultimate Frontier	The ultimate frontier. Earth's resources were exhausted. Civilization had collapsed. Food was a luxury in a world poisoned by chemical wastes and doomed by uncontrollable violence. Man's last hope was Project Arcadia, the bizarre experiment submitted to by a group of dedicated scientists. They were the new pioneers, risking their own lives to explore the strangest land that ever existed.	2001-06-30
Booked for death...	I have read plenty of short story with Pierre Chambraun in it. This is the first full length book I've read and was not disappointed. It is a tale of mounting suspense, some glamour and the ineveitable murder.<br />from the back cover of book:<br />A Pierre Chambrun Mystery*Larry Welch, a well-known journalist, is sitting on a story so big, it could lead to international disaster-or even war. He seeks sanctuary in New York's luxurious Hotel Beaumont to decide his story's fate, throwing ledgendary manager Pierre Chambrun into the biggest crisis of his career. <br />Men in high places want Welch's information. They also want Welch buried along with his secrets. To that end, Betsy Ruysdale, Chambrun's invaluable personal secretary and lifelong friend, is kidnapped. Chambrau is ordered to leave Welch a sitting duck. No cops. No security. Or no more Betsy Ruysdale. <br />As a reign of terror sweeps the hotel, Chambrun fears he is about to be an accessory to murder. But will it be Welch or Betsy's?	2001-06-30
from the back cover	Scourge of the Ecliptic<br />He was driven by violent injustice from his home moon of Callisto and set forth to claim the epic destiny that would blaze across worlds and time. He saw his family destroyed, his sister carried off into sexual slavery, his beautiful lover killed - and he swore revenge against the murderous pirates who held the Jupiter planetodis in a stranglehold of terror... <br />Fired by raw courage, steeled by young might, he rose in the Navy of Jupiter to command a personal squadron loyal to the death. And it was death they faced-against piratical warlords of the Jupiter Ecliptic who laughed at the young commander's challenge...until they met the merciless fury of the warrior who would annihilate all obstacles in his path to immortal renown as the Tyrant of Jupiter!	2001-06-30
from back cf book	The rich and the reckless. <br />A dazzling story of romance and danger set in the golden era of Monte Carlo in the 1890s. A city sizzling in sin and teeming with royalty and highrollers, Monte Carlo, with its lush casinos, was a glittering wonderland to young and innocent women like Lydia Bradley. <br />On assignment from her New York newspaper, Lydia was swept up in the perilous and sophisticated ways of the Monte set, and fell prey to the lustful advances of the rich and the reckless. Soon the stakes became far too high, and Lydia gambled on too much love and flirted with death for the story of a lifetime!	2001-06-30
from the back cover	'Mrs Evan McGregor.' The mere sound of it sent chills up Elizabeth's spine, for the knowledge of her marriage to Evan was a dangerous secret, one she hadn't enjoyed keeping over the last five years. And now he was back to claim her as his wife! But that could never be, for she could not risk losing her son to the father he had never met... Damn Elizabeth Murray-McGregor! It had taken Evan years to summon the confidence to right his youthful blunder,and return for the only woman he'd ever loved. And now, his beautiful wife was refusing to see him. And determined to ignore the undeniable passion that raged between them still.!	2001-06-29
from back cover	Katha Logan threw herself into Vince Santini's arms, determined to rescue the rugged ex-cop from the throng of reporters outside city hall. Vince enjoyed being kidnapped by this lovely and enchanting nut who drove like a madwoman and intrigued him with her story of a crime he just had to investigate...with her as a partner! Katha was a little disappointed that Vince didn't talk and act like the private eyes on her favorite TV shows, but he was deliciously, dangerously in her life for real, kissing the living daylights out of her-and tempting her with the potent hunger of his fierce embrace. Vince felt an astonishing tenderness for the lady who'd stolen his unsuspecting heart, but he believed that a man who risked his life for a living had no business falling in love. Katha knew she could cherish Vince forever if he'd let her, but playing lovers' games wasn't enough anymore. Could they learn to fly with the angels and together let their passions soar?	2001-06-29
Warm with humor and sensuous passion	A pair of lovers so bold and brazen, so headstrong and lovestruck, that they will live in my heart forever. Great read!	2001-06-29
From the back of the book	She was blond, beautiful, and had the longest legs he'd ever seen, but was Dr Joy Barlow really good for what ailed the architect Declan Harris?  He'd been working night and day since his partner had died in an accident, and now this psychologist was pleding with him to change his life, trade his aspirins and antacids for an easier pace! Joy melted into the heat of Declan's brash, knock-em-dead smile, but did she dare accept his invitation to dinner...and anything else he had in mind? She'd never felt this cherished before, but even his searing kisses couldn't silence her doubts. She wanted his passion, his strength,and his kissable lips on hers, but she needed his respect just as much-and Declan seemed unwillng...or unable...to give her all his love. But once they'd embraced by the light of the blue moon, could they put their ghosts to rest and join their hearts forever?	2001-06-29
from back cover	Zelda didn't trust Aram an inch! His piratical eye patch, combined with the mysterious crates in his car, suggested he was involved in more sinister dealings than the buying and selling of carpets. But Zelda had to accept his help after all, they were both stranded in the middle of the Syrian desert. She'd just have to keep her wits about her, even if it meant ignoring the growing physical attraction between them. Because Zelda was sure of only one thing-Aram wanted more from her than her precious carpet.	2001-06-29
Highly recommended...tightly written, literate and suspensef	Financial consultant Edward Bell follows a treacherous trail of deception through the capitals of Eastern Europe when he learns that his mother, an exiled dissident, possesses secret KGB files that she may have killed to acquire.	2001-06-28
I was hooked with the opening paragraph!	Set against the glittering Boston of the 1880s and the opulent society of turn-of-the-century Newport, this is the story of Isabel January-a debutante of wealth, breeding, and rare beauty, whose poised smile and cool eyes hid the wild yearning of her heart. And this is the story of Marian Childs-plain, impoverished, without prospects, yet destined to blossom into a woman of style and substance. Of different worlds, these two indomitable women are inextricably linked through fortune and fate, through tragedy and triumph, through the one man whose ruthless passion will forever alter the course of both their lives. <br />Author of &quot;A Woman of Independent Means&quot; and &quot;Life Sentences&quot;.	2001-06-28
I enjoyed this book immensely!	I found the book fascinating! A lot of historical accuracy. I learned a lot from this book and enjoyed it to boot!	2001-06-28
Highly documented and most convincing book.	Scientist and other experts agree, the best documented most compelling UFO case ever! Including extraordinary Color Photographs!	2001-06-28
I loved it!	-World's Greatest Dad by Marie Ferrarella * Susanna Troy is both mother and father to her young son. Add Flynn O'Roarke, who thinks his parenting days are behind him. Sparks fly. Love can find you what ever you age. <br />- House Calls by Terry Essig * Andrea Conrades is about to meet her biggest challenge...Dr Greg Rennolds. He spends his life healing others - but physician, heal thyself. When love knocks on your door, you've got to open it. <br />- A Knight in Tarnished Armor by Ann Major * Christopher Stone is trying to get his daughter back - so why can't he take his eyes off her mother! Dallas Kirkland, Stephie's adoptive mother, whose nonmaternal feelings are about to be awakened. Love can be lurking in the most unlikeliest of places. <br />from back cover	2001-06-28
A new twist...	Her husband had arranged for an adoption of a baby.  Now widowed she is going to visit an old friend...he is the childs father. She has no idea.  Should he keep his mouth shut. Find out!<br />A great read!	2001-06-28
Switched at Birth	Of all the dumb luck. Bliss Abernathy was stranded in the south Texas Big Bend with old foe Logan Campbell. A despicable, exasperating and altogether thrilling man who could bring her to a fever pitch in a matter of seconds. It was incomprehensible. Disastrous. Heaven. Your day has come! But Bliss had to remember she'd lost her heart to Logan once long ago. And she wouldn't be fooled again. Because once they were home safe and sound, everything would go back to normal...or would it? Switched at birth: Four strangers are about to discover the true bonds of brotherhood...with a little help-and love-from four terrific women!	2001-06-28
A moving love story	Set in a small town in Australia's Blue Mountains. A delightful tale of dreams that come true...rebellious courage...of a plain woman who shocks her narrow world as she transforms herself into a exciting enchantress...and sets her sights on a handsome stranger with a mysterious past...who just might be Prince Charming.  <br />Hard to put down.	2001-06-28
Her most passionate romance novel yet!	When Dani Coltrane flees to Paris, she leaves behind heartache and pain, and vows no man will ever control her. But then the pround heiress to the Coltrane dynasty meets the dashing nobleman, Drake, and her determination is rocked. Banished from Imperial Russia to roam the glittering capitals of Europe, he has an eye for beautiful art and beautiful women. Dani Coltrane possesses both a painting he covets and loveliness he can't resist. Drake is determined to make these treasures his. <br />From the sumptuous salons of Europe to the fabulous court of Russian Empire, from the dark cellars of a chateau in Monaco to a desserted danger ridden palace, Drake pursues the headstrong and illusive woman. And his cold obsession turns to soul-searing love, Dani's resistance melts...until they are swept toward a stunning confrontation with destiny and the triumph of a love dazzling with splendor. <br />from the back cover	2001-06-28
Just try it, you'll love it!	After a disastrous love affair, Caitlin Pride flees to New York and finds success as a supermodel. But a family crisis calls her back home and into a hotbed of deceit, betrayal and explosive passion. Sizzling with heat, romance, and introducing one of the most irresistible heroes ever to gallop across the Texas plains, Lawless is one terrific book.	2001-06-28
Trouble is her business...	When it came to covering murders, reporter Blake Nickels was the best in town-until a lady named Sabrina Jones came along. Now, no matter what the story was, she always seemed to be a step or two ahead of him... <br />She had other ways of driving him crazy, too-ways that had nothing to do with headlines and deadlines. All it took was one little red dress-and one breathtaking little kiss-and suddenly he was having a very hard time keeping his mind on crime... <br />Trouble was, the killer they were both investigating was hot on her trail, too. And if Blake couldn't protect her, she was really going to be front-page news... <br />from back cover	2001-06-28
Holiday delight!	Authors: Debra Dier, Linda Jones, Ruth Ryan Langan, &amp; Linda Madl*<br />The Freedom Inn-Port Freedom, New Hampshire-Across the centuries, the warmth of its hearth brings true hearts together at Christmastime! <br />1781 When Alexander Stark left his family's inn to join the War for American Independence, lttle did he expect to return to the bleak reality of blindness. He was doomed to embittered darkness, unless the beautiful Medora's bittersweet caress could illuminate his world with Love's Light. <br />1845 When dashing privateer Eli Whittaker turned businessman, he thought the Freedom Inn would be the perfect place to transact his marriage of convenience. But the fiery Sara Larkfield was determined to fan his pirate's passion into the union of a lifetime-before she could accept his marriage gift of The Christmas Pearls. <br />1889 Forcing one's sister into a loveless marriage was less than Rachel Stark's idea of chivalry-and yet the virile TS Beauchamp was doing precisely that. The entrepreneur was certainly handsome, but was he valiant enough to prove that he could be not only a breathtaking lover, but also live up to being Rachel's Hero? <br />1996 When successful novelist Adam Holt returned to the inn owned by his childhood sweetheart, Caroline Stark, he knew that this time he would have to capture her heart forever-for without the fiesty beauty, his heart could never be truly Home for Christmas. <br />  back cover of book	2001-06-28
Love this book!	This book has everything! Humor, romance, battles, ghosts, castles, the works.  <br />Fleeing for her life, Morgana Fitzgerald is caught and nearly raped by British soldier James Kelly and his band of rogues when she is rescued by Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone. Hugh was waiting for James just over the bridge where his uncle, the revered chief of Clan O'Neill, had been murdered by James 15 years ago. When the last redcoat is either dead or captured, James is escorted to the O'Neill stronghold to await trial, while Hugh sees to the feisty Lady Morgana. The Fitzgeralds and O'Neills have long been mortal enemies and Morgana prays he does not know her identity. Hugh has spent the last 15 years in Elizabeth's court as an honored hostage in an effort to quell the O'Neills. He does not care that she is a Fitzgerald, and one of the richest women in Britain. Morgana has been in hiding for the past four years, for should her name be known her life could be forfeit. Despite her attempts to flee, Hugh cannot bear to part with Morgana. He will risk life and limb to have her by his side and see that her name is cleared. LORD OF THE ISLE is a fast paced, adventurous tale that will bring a smile of pleasure (the ghost adds a touch of humor) to readers' lips.	2001-06-28
Time Travellers Delight	They could have been twins! As Erin Sawyer stared at the antique portrait of Della Munro, she felt a bond between them. A bond that linked them to the man whose face she saw in her dreams. <br />When Erin finally me Waite MacKinnon, the man with the compelling eyes, she realized she wasn't dreaming at all. She had somehow landed in the 1920's, and now everyone though she was Della, the adulterous wife of a very powerful and dangerous man. <br />If Waite would believe she wasn't Della, he could help her return to her own place and time. But that would mean leaving him in the past when she very much wanted him in her future... <br />from back cover	2001-06-28
Great Book!	This is the first book of John Saul's I've read and I carried it with me where ever I went and read it on the go.  The story line was imaginative to say the least. I can't wait to get some other novels of his to read. <br />The book is about gifted children and what an evil mind can do to them once they are isolated at the Academy. Great read!	2001-06-28
Great Romance	'You owe $100,000-so pay up!' When Will Kendrick stormed into Erin's office threatening to shut down her 'sorry excuse for a newspaper,' Erin decided the man must be mad! No one was going to wrest Erin's inheritance from her-certainly no some 'obnoxious nephew' fantasizing about his alleged aunt Maggie and her so-called life savings. Unfortunately, Will wasn't fantasizing. <br />Still, Erin had a plan. All she had to do was run the newpaper, woo reluctant advertisers, repay Maggie while discouraging her from writing an advice-to-the-lovelorn column, and manage, somehow, not to lose her heart to the impossible-and impossibly handsome-Will Kendrick. <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-28
A Selection of the Literary Guild ;-)	A enjoyable read, with deft plot manipulations and moments of genuine heartbreak!<br />Former First Lady Sadie Grey has been devastated by tragedy. Allison Sterling is dynamic, sexy, and famous, a successful reporter who now finds herself yearning for motherhood. When these two extraordinary women cross paths, they must cope with the pain of unexpected change and the challenges of love.	2001-06-27
Love at Work	Hannah Morgan was bright, eager, beautiful-a tantalizing enigma who filled television directory Zack Matthews with impatience...and a sizzling hunger he could not deny. The reporter in him wanted to uncover her mysteries while the man simply wanted to gaze at her moonlight, but he still wasn't happy being ordered to take on the stations owner's niece as an apprentice! Hannah needed the job in order to raise her infant daughter, and she was prepared to work as hard as she needed to satisfy the workaholic heartbreaker...until her impossibly virile boss crumbled her defenses with tenderness and ignited a hunger she'd never expected to feel again. Zack wooed her with steamy kisses and robbed her of caution, but could he trust her to share his unspoken dreams? Hannah understood that Zack's ambition meant he might leave her someday, but she longed to banish his doubts so their love could last. Was she willing to fight to keep the man in whose heart she'd been reborn? <br />from the back of the book	2001-06-27
An exciting, emotional story...	Burke Wheeler. Undercover cop. Devoted father. Ex-husband. For the past few years Burke's had very little to do with his ex-wife, Abbie-except insofar as she's the mother of his sixteen-year-old son, Justin. <br />Then comes the day every parent fears and dreads. Something Burke's faced as a copy but never as a father. Justin is missing. A runaway. <br />Burke and Abbie know they have to confront their own conflicts, lay aside old animosities, if they're going to find their son. <br />In the process of looking for Justin, they find each other, too. They find each other all over again. <br />from back cover	2001-06-27
No one had ever died at her hands...	Until now. <br />It wasn't just any patient but Rose Memorial's Chief of Staff who died during surgery. And as the youngest and most inexperienced anesthesiologist, Dr Joanna Cavendish becomes the convenient target. <br />With the press out for blood, it was up to Brad McPherson to stem the flow. But the smooth-talking PR man was an emotional danger zone for Joanna. Long after their white-hot affair, the mere mention of his name still made her heart throb. <br />Joanna thought she alone saw the real man beneath the polish. Brad was a man who might say anything to perserve his hospital. Even that she was a negligent doctor...or worse yet-a killer. <br />from the back cover	2001-06-27
He was a pirate. She was his slave...	In a strange exotic land, she was a prisoner of passion... <br />Beautiful and boldly defiant, Lady Victoria sailed away from England to escape an obligation of marriage. Then, the unthinkable happened. Her ship was captured by Barbary pirates-swashbuckling savages who abducted young women to sell into slavery. Now, Tory's shattered destiny lay in the hands of dangerous men... <br />Capt Sinan Reis, a dashing young pirate known as the Hawk, who would shun a vast profit...to claim the English beauty for himself. <br />The evil Ahmet, a Turkish rogue who lusted for vengeance...by defying the Hawk and stealing his precious lady. <br />The aging dey, chief of Algiers, who held the power to possess, or destroy, them all. <br />Tory's heart was imprisoned by fate. And yet, her secret passion for her pirate captor-the handsome and strong-willed Hawk-bound her soul with a chain of desire. Together, on an odyssey of exotic peril and forbidden pleasure, they would challenge an empire...and risk their lives for love! <br />from back cover of book.<br />I enjoyed this book, I haven't read a book like this in years.	2001-06-27
The road to Everywhen	It all began simply enough.  A client had vanished and Jay Corcoran went to investigate the man's empty hotel suite. But Corcoran's trick vision spotted a room sized box stuck to the outside wall of the suite. There was no way to get into the box, so Corcoran cabled his long time pal Tom Boone.<br />Boone had a talent. When threatened he could &quot;step around a corner&quot; into some otherwhere.  Boone stepped into the box, taking Corcoran with him.<br />The box turned out to be a time travel machine that transported them back to 1745 England, where they found a family of refugees from a million years in the future.<br />In that far future, alien Infinites were converting humanity to incorporal form. When the family had refused conversion, they had to flee. For more than a century, the family had lain hidden in their time bubble. Suddenly, the Infinites' killer monster broke through and things grew very complicated as the family fled to the distant past and the farther future.	2001-06-27
The will was outrageous, scandalous...and legal!	Inherited wealth sure wasn't what it was cracked up to be, what with Lyle Hetherington hell-bent on making Kelsa's life one unpleasant confrontation after another. <br />Mind you, Kelsa could certainly understand why Lyle might feel a bit peeved. His father had left her-a mere employee-half of his vast empire. And while Kelsa had gotten on well with her late boss, a bequest like that was ridiculous! <br />So why in the world had he done it? It certainly wasn't for the reason his son arrogantly assumed, as Kelsa hadn't been the old man's mistress. But try telling that to Lyle Hetherington! <br />from back of book	2001-06-24
An affair of the heart	Anatol Vronsky risked his career by inviting Americans to join a Soviet business venture. He never thought he'd also be risking his life and his heart. <br />Laura Walters expected a tough job in the Soviet Union. But she never imagined she'd have to fight organized crime or she'd meet a man like Anatol Vronsky. <br />Even if they survived the danger, Laura knew she and Anatol had no future. She must eventually return to the States. Only her heart would stay behind, lost forever in the long Russian nights.<br />from back cover	2001-06-24
Sex in the City!	A compelling novel of two passionate and talented women and the man they both loved. Great sex!	2001-06-24
They only had each other	Unlike the reveiwer, I really enjoyed the book and had no trouble following &quot;what was going on.&quot; <br />from the back cover of the book:<br />Zach Hollis, is by the book cop, had been done wrong. He'd earned the respect of many men and love of one woman, Charlotte &quot;CZ&quot; Morrison. So when she found Zach as a fugitive she left behind her button-down ways and went on the run with him-to clear his name and find an elusive killer.<br />Fear ran like wildfire in CZ's veins, but in the depth of Zach's blue eyes was the conviction of an honest lawman-protector turned prey. With no one else to trust, with no safe haven, except in each other's arms, would their love be enough to overcome the odds?	2001-06-24
That Special Woman!	Sexy adventurer Riley Walker had vowed to protect Abigail Dennison with every breath in his body. And when Abigail got herself into trouble, Riley was right there by her side. Now she was engaged in a perilous struggle that would determine the fate of her life...and their love.	2001-06-24
Caught in a lie...	Rowan's husband, before he was killed, told his aristocratic Italian family that she had given birth to a baby boy. An heir to the vast Cortese estate. Only it wasn't true. And his lie trapped Rowan in a web of intrigue. If she admitted there was no child, she'd be spurned by the family, something she couldn't contemplate because of her increasing love for her brother-in-law, Dario. But how long could she live a lie?	2001-06-24
Out of the frying pan and into his arms...	Who can you trust? <br />Christine Greenlow wasn't sure she knew anymore. In just a few days, she'd been abducted from her spoiled little rich girl existence and then rescued-maybe-by a man who might be every bit as dangerous as her kidnappers... <br />All she knew about Ryan Mulvaney was that he wasn't an innocent bystander he claimed to be. There was nothing innocent about this man. But he certainly had a way of making high speed car chases, and even the occasional burst of gunfire, downright exciting. <br />And maybe, when all this was over,if they were still alive, she'd show him a whole different kind of excitement. <br />from back cover	2001-06-24
Her heart was in the Highlands.	Indeed, every hill and vale seemed a mapping of her soul. Cassie MacArthur doubted any man could ever understand the freedom of roaming high road and low. Especially not Robert Gordan, enemy of her clan-yet, ironically, the one man in Scotland who made her blood sing! <br />Driven by a questing spirit, Cassie MacArther would make a bonny bride-Robert Gordan felt it in the marrow of his bones. Truly, the legendary Lady Quickfoot would be the perfect partner for his life's work-and his life! But was he fleet enough to catch her? <br />from the back cover	2001-06-24
9 to 5 series	I enjoyed this book. <br />from the back cover:<br />Behaving badly...<br />Harriet attended the company's New Year's Eve party in all innocence. It wasn't her fault that the punch she'd been drinking was stronger than expected, so that she ended up confiding in a gorgeous stranger about her broken engagement. How was she to know she'd been pouring her heart out to the chairman himself, Marcus Fox? <br />...at the office party!<br />Now Harriet has to work with Marcus. Luckily, she's since changed her image, dyed her hair blond and is a model secretary. Unluckily, Marcus still recognizes her and seems determined to punish Harriet for her reckless conduct!	2001-06-24
the bridal connection	The bride wanted a future. The groom was huanted by his past. But their wedding was a grand affair! <br />Flight attendant Andrea Claybourne survived a devastating plane crash and emerged a heroine-then quit her job. She made a decision to start life afresh, and she did it by training as a ranger in the Grand Canyon. <br />When Andrea's instructor, Senior Ranger Kurt Marlowe, objected to her hiring, she had to fight not only his attitude but also her own attraction to him. Because she knew it was a mistake to fall in love with a man who refused to return her love. A man who couldn't forgive himself for the tragedy in his past. And yet, Andrea also knew that loving Kurt would be an adventure, as thrilling-and dangerous-as the Canyon itself. <br />from back cover	2001-06-24
Loved it!	Winona Abbot hadn't a clue as to who was stealing jewelry from all her rich friends. But at the rate she was going, she'd never find the thief, not with the continued distraction of the enigmatic Garrett Blackhawk, a man whose only goal appeared to be to steal her heart! <br />Baron Garrett Blackhawk had known few women with the spark and daring of Winona Abbot. And her attempts to ignore the heat that flared between them only strengthened his desire to uncover her secrets and make the icy beauty his own. <br />from the back cover	2001-06-24
From the author of When the Changewinds Blow	Behold the horned demon of the snows...who calls himself Klittlchorn, and schemes to destroy all of Akahlar. With the power of the changewinds, he alone could control the mighty storms that alter man and beast alike. <br />Beware his evil minions...who search for the beautiful Storm Princess in the Kudaan Wastes, a land teeming with frightful monsters-and Storm riders from the Inner Hells. <br />Run like the wind...or fight magic with magic. The fate of all the worlds depends on it... <br />from back cover	2001-06-24
Lawman Intrigue	The prime suspect was a sleepwalker. For the second time in her life Clancy Jones had awakened at a murder scene-this time with the murder weapon in her hand. Without recall, she insisted she was innocent, framed and the real killer after her. To the untrained eye, she looked mighty guilty. But to private investigator Jake Hawkins, she still looked pretty darn good. <br />Desire for Clancy had always burned inside Jake; so had anger. Ten years ago Clancy sleepwalked onto another crime scene and her testimony had put Jake's father behind bars. Now Jake didn't know if he wanted to prove his seductive client's innocence-or guilt.	2001-06-24
A must read!	This book has strong characters, exotic settings, a wealth of historical detail. It swept me away! A riveting story about a fascinating period.  Quite a storyteller.	2001-06-24
Twins on the Doorstep Series	The the baby on the way the last thing Emily needed was Cooper back in her life or her heart. What she wanted was a man to stay around and not run off to the next rodeo.  Cooper promised to stay and help her with the ranch only long enough to get it in order and then he'd be off.  And then the baby came...	2001-06-24
The husband inheritance.	Deke Oliver was definitely not Danielle's idea of husband material. So it was infuriating that he believed she was trying to manipulate him into marriage. It wasn't her fault their joint inheritance forced them to live under the same roof! <br />And it was Deke who refused to keep it strictly business-suggesting that since they had to share a home, why not a bed? Danielle simply ignored this outrageous proposal-until she began to feel tempted by the intimacy of living together, and Deke began to look very much like the perfect husband-to-be.... <br />from back of book	2001-06-24
Rebels &amp; Rogues	Trey Smith-Footloose and fancy free. A Yankee who didn't give a damn what people said about him. <br />Rachel Cox-The proper small-town librarian knew from bitter experience that her reputation mattered. <br />Everyone is Showdown, TX believed Trey was a rogue out to fleece Thom T Taggert, who claimed Trey was a long-lost relative. Trey was willing to humor the old man because he liked him-but at the first opportunity he was getting out. Families and commitment weren't his style. Until Trey met seductive Rachel Cox-she was hiding more secrets than he was. Finally, a reason to stay in Texas! <br />from back cover	2001-06-24
Sizzling	1890's: A life of privilege and social graces in Old New York; she came from a line of great beauties, women of unquenchable desires and troubled pasts... <br />She felt suspended in time, steeped in peerless pleasure. She relished the sharp rise of her passion. She was lost in her sudden surge of desire. She heard the sounds of her own moaning as she arched her back. A final, lucid thought came to her. We're alone. I gave the servents the night off...	2001-06-24
The Bride ran away. The Groom ran after her.	Their marriage was over...or was it?<br />Bret Calhoun and Ginny McCoy had met barely two weeks before their wedding. And Ginny had left him five months later, after realizing that neither of them was really ready for marriage. She went home to South Carolina to nurse her ailing father, temporarily run the family business and most importantly, try to forget her ex-husband. <br />But forgetting him wasn't that easy. Especially once her father decided to retire and put Bret in charge of the business. <br />from back cover	2001-06-24
A great love story	Once Rachel Windham had vowed never to be more than a heartbeat away from irresistible pilot Jacob Donovan. Brash, bold, a daredevil rogue in tight jeans and leather jacket, he was her destiny, her only love-until the danger he courted fighting oil rig fires made her flee...into marriage to another man. For six long years, she'd kept a painful secret from him, but her deception had caught up with her. Jacob was back, she was a widow with a young son, and nothing would keep him from learning the truth at last. He'd haunted her dreams for so long, now he stalked her was a sensual power that made her ache, made her yearn-but she dared not surrender to his fierce demands. Jacob insisted he didn't want her anymore, but Rachel was still the only woman who could soothe his pain and take him soaring beyond the stars. Would the truth set him free of her forever, or could he forgive the enchantress who'd always be the wind beneath his wings?	2001-06-24
New York's First Family.	At the center of wealth and power in America, against the backdrop of the corporate boardrooms of Manhattan, the political back rooms and public arenas of government, the Riverview, a 3,000-acre Hudson Valley estate, the towering saga of the Stockwell progeny unfolds. Their hidden secrets, tumultuous passions, and bitter rivalries are chronicled in a riveting story of stupendous wealth and seductive power and one family's bid to control their dynasty. <br />Relatives and rivals, into their hands pass not only the hope of a nation but an inheritance so vast and fare-reaching it threatens to become a...Bitter Legacy. <br />Holly, the favorite granddaughter, fled a disastrous marriage for the safety of home-only to discover there the hidden truths that could undermine it all. Peter, whose Stockwell father was the family's weakest link, is now determined to prove his own worthiness, at any price. Patrice, dynamic, successful, and pragmatic, supports her father's righful claim to inherit leadership, but the man she loves has different plans... <br />And Buffy, as avaricious as she is sexy, with no lawful claim to inherit, but every chance of winning... <br />from back of book	2001-06-24
I the tradition of &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;.	A serial killer picking just the right girl, in just the right size and features. After killing the girls the killer takes part of the body...pieces of perfection...and store them in his freezer. Where they'd be safe. <br />But some people just don't appreciate art...When someone close to Tim Flannigan fell victim to this madman, he swore he would get the killer at any cost.  <br />Great read! Fast paced.	2001-06-23
Three Weddings and a Hurricane	She's determined to make it the wedding of the century. Never mind that the bride hasn't showed up and the groom couldn't be found. Never mind the hurrican warning. Or the the hotel put her in the same room with the best man. An amusing story with just the right amount of romance.	2001-06-23
Great Epic Novel	Being a great Ken Follett fan, I picked up this book without reading the synopsis. When I started reading it I was somewhat leery about it. But after the first few pages I really got into the this book. I is a great story about the lives of a few families and a mans dream of building a great cathedral. Couldn't put it down. I was not disappointed.	2001-06-23
They loved &amp; fought w/a passion that couldn't be conquered	Out of the glory and agony that was the Civil War; bestselling author Patricia Hagan has brought to life a tale of victory and tragedy, love and pain, escape and triumphant reunion - the epic saga of a woman betrayed into bondage by her spiteful twin sister; forced to fight for her beloved family plantation, Pinehurst, and for a man her heart could not resist.	2001-06-22
Turbulent passions in a vanquished land...	And a woman's courage to love... It was the Reconstruction Era, when carpetbaggers swept across the South to plunder a defeated people. <br />But Megan, the lovely Irish orphan who had been forced to live with the charity relatives, had it all now. For she had married Clay Drummond. <br />Despite the war's destruction, Clay still had his plantation. More than that he had a driving ambition, a hunger for wealth and power. And the force of his desire was matched by Megan's love, which never wavered. Even during the long separations while he was building his railroad empire, she trusted him. <br />But secrets in the Drummond past were waiting for Megan. Secrets that theatened the marriage she cherished-and the future of the whole Drummond family... <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-22
Two lonely hearts.	Maximilian von Berg was a man pursued by ghost, chimeras of guilt from his past that would permit no love in his future. Driven and alone, he found solace in the cause of freedom. But when he drank from the depths of Felicity's eyes, he knew that here was a woman worth fighting for... Felicity Allen had never known love, never been cherished, and trusted no man. Especially not one as rakish as the aristocratic Max appeared. Yet, though she resisited, she was drawn by his strength, and beguiled by his charm. Had her heart already accepted what her mind struggled to deny? <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-22
MEN! Just can't take NO for an answer!	A man dedicated to bachelorhood, Steven Blake was wary of women. But he did have a genetic obsession with redheads - and Sarah Moore was definitely a redhead. Sarah, however, had given up on men! Especially when the man was Steven Blake, her new boss. <br />Somehow Steven had to convince her that with his dark hair and eyes, his shaggy brows and his firm, athletic body, he wasn't just a possible for husband material...he was a probable! <br />from back cover	2001-06-22
A Love Story	Kate Weston was a feisty Jill-of-all-trades who could fix plumbing and repair any car, but no adult education class had prepared her to face hotel owner Max Sorrenson draped in nothing but a towel! When she dropped her wrench in lustful embarrassment, causing a flood that soaked them both, the mirrored bathroom of his penthouse revealed her blushing in triplicate at least-and confirmed her belief that the hunk with the bad boy grin could easily be a Playgirl centerfold! Kate had vowed to fill her life with grand adventures, but she'd never shared the fun...until one slightly stuffy pirate vowed to carry her off to his fantasy island. Kate believed in taking risks and moving on, while Max had silenced his private demons by building a world more safe than exciting...until he fell in love with a spirited gypsy. Could they bridge their very different lives by sharing Max's castle in the air? <br />from back cover	2001-06-22
Savage eroticism and international intrigue...	From the bedrooms of the beautiful people to the back rooms of Washington politicos, from exquisite passion to shocking violence,from a Mideast palace to a Mexican jungle, and from one wildly sensual woman to another...and another...	2001-06-22
Savage!	Innocent Dina Wilmount hid aboard The Pearl Stallion, desperate to return to England. But the vessel provided no safe harbor, for she soon learned that the price of her passage would be her soul... Cast out of London's streets, Anson Saurage had sworn he'd stop at nothing short of revenge. Though he'd not foreseen the influence of Lady Dina, born of a world he despised, yet destined to be his only love! <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-22
Power is Everything.	Self-made millionaire Bram Soames is a powerful, charismatic businessman. But he's also a man torn by guilt over the scandalous relationship that produced his son. <br />Jay Soames has always used his father's guilt to his advantage and has, for years, schemed to keep anyone-particularly any woman-from gaining a place in his fathers life. Until Taylor Fielding. <br />Having had her whole world destroyed by the violent actions of one man, Taylor has struggled to create a new-and safe-life for herself. She is a woman whose past threatens her future. A woman Jay must now destroy at any cost-including exposing her darkest secrets. <br />But revealing the truth about Taylor's past draws them all into a game they are powerless to control. <br />from back cover	2001-06-22
Tall, dark, and handsome...	Emily Becket was swept away by a seductive Yankee professor. He made her feel beautiful, sexy and loved. But she had a deep dark family secret that she didn't know if she could tell him...and she was afraid she might lose him if he found out.  What should a girl do?  Read it and find out...	2001-06-22
The very private investigator ...	With his dark gaze and daredevil looks, private eye Jack Sloan was tough to get along with, tough to get to know, but he was the best at doing a dirty job. When his partner asked him to train his niece, Jack took one look at Ashley Rogers and saw trouble in her teal-blue eyes! How was he going to get any surveillance done when he couldn't take his eyes off her? <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-22
Timeless passions...	They are a new social class in old Russia: the wealthy industrialists, who inhabit the glittering turn-of-the-century city of Petersburg. Torn between their loyalty to the Czar and their own peasant roots, they are about to ignite a revolution that will change the world forever... <br />At the center of the tumult is Alexei Kalinin, a self-made railroad tycoon who is fighting to overthrow the monoarchy. Alexei is in love with Anna Orlov, a gifted young pianist whose connection to Alexei will thrust her into the bloody events as they unfold. Alexei's pacifist nephew Misha escapes his abusive father only to land in the middle of the violence. And Misha's tutor, the proud and sensuous Irina Rantzau, renounces her aristocratic background to stand up for her revolutionary ideas.<br /> Powerful passions catapult all four into a strange new world, where the sweep of history will force them to make grave choices-for their country and for themselves. <br />from back of book.	2001-06-22
from back of book	Family comes first...<br />Charismatic frontiersman Jacob Barr has made a life for himself and his twelve-year-old daughter deep in the forest of West Virginia. But his success has brought him enemies, and now his home, Jacob's Well-the unique community he created-is no longer the safe haven it was. Even his child's life is in danger. <br />Jake trusts no one but himself and he guards his secret well. Until he meets Dawn Sutton, the reporter who's determined to scoop the story behind Jake Barr.	2001-06-20
I love Dana Fuller Ross	I have not been disappointed by any of his books yet. Homesteaders and ranchers are headed toward a range war in Oklahoma Territory.  This book has everything, love, hate, pestilence, bushwhackers, renegades, and sharp shooters.	2001-06-20
Winner of the prestigious Janet Dailey award.	A worldly frenchwoman with looks to kill...and a knack for disappearing...and english rose with less-than-innocent ways of escaping unwanted attention... Noah Colter had encountered both women...yet saw through the skillful deception to the one woman who hid behind both facades. Her disguises and accents were practically flawless, but his heart-his body-knew better. Who was this woman who now called herself Celie Sherwood? What danger had forced her to sacrifice any chance at normal life? Noah had to know. He was a man who got his every desire, and he wanted this woman without a name.... <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-20
Delightful	Serena Quinn had wrapped herself up in her slim defenses, letting no one get close, lest her secret be discovered. But now a stranger had come to town. A big and powerful bear of a man who made her want to turn tail and run while she still had the will to turn away from his honey kisses. <br />Since his return from Mississippi, Rafe Sugarman had wanted only two things out of life: to put down roots and to forget his past. And Miss Serena Quinn was just the woman to make it happen, if she would only forget the past and give in to the sweet storm of desire that raged between them. <br />from the back cover	2001-06-20
Back a Winner Texas Style	The race is on Lynn McKinney knows Lightning can outrun any horse in the field-all he needs is time, training and Lynn in the saddle. But Sam Russell, part owner of Lightning, doesn't see things her way. He knows nothing about horses except that this one was suppose turn a fast profit. <br />The jockey and the investor are headed for a showdown... <br />from back cover	2001-06-20
Wedding Bell Blues	For Robin Sinclair, the dirtiest words in the English language were I do. The only vow this Vegas talk-show host was going to take was to stay single!<br /> Then her show went on location to the tacky, wacky World of Weddings-home of the ultimate in bridal bliss...and of sinfully sexy managing director Matt Dylan. <br />Jilted at the alter, Matt had made a vow of his own. But for a man who spent his life making women's fantasies come true, it was hard to turn away from his own fantasy-in-the-flesh. <br />Maybe it was the white lace; maybe it was the champagne...but suddenly walking down the aisle no longer seemed like walking the gangplank. Now how did he comvince her to take the plunge? <br />from back cover	2001-06-20
A moving story of a woman's forbidden love...	They were going West, the courageous young Elspeth and her beautiful but ailing married sister, leaving their civilized life in Boston for the uninhabited unknown. Elspeth told herself they were going for her sister's health, but when she looked into her brother-in-law's eyes she saw greed.... <br />When they finally arrived near Santa Fe, Elspeth became friendly with Maria, a young Navajo girl captured and working as a slave. Through Maria, Elspeth began to respect the ways of the Navajo-and to be sympathetic when Maria's brother, Tall Man, swept into the village to rescue her.... <br />From the moment Elspeth saw Tall Man, she could not get him out of her mind. She knew she would follow him to the ends of the earth, and that she would forsake her past to embrace the man and Navajo people, she had fallen in love with forever.... <br />back of book	2001-06-20
Can three little words unlock a woman heart?	A mistaken identity, Constance Mordaunt was caught in the most tangled web of her life. Jack Durrant, the dazzlingly handsome Major Lord St Aubyn, believed she was Baron Selwyn Mordaunt's wife, not his sister. But on a mission to bring home the errant Selwyn to his children, Connie predicament suited her purposes perfectly. For as Mrs Mordaunt she could travel to France with Jack without stirring scandal. And as too tall spinster of five and twenty, she certainly did not count on her worldly traveling companion to fall in love with her... <br />An unmistakable love, Jack Durrant is more than willing to help the charming, dark haired Connie locate Selwyn Mordaunt. And when they do, he is even more pleased to learn that she is free to become his wife. Now if he can only convince the stubborn Miss Mordaunt that he wishes to marry for love - and not to save her reputation... <br />from the back of the book	2001-06-20
Was her boss hearing wedding bells, too?	Working for Jared Cruz was a strain on Brittnie Kelleher. Not because he demanded one hundred percent commitment to her job, but because Brittnie found herself wishing he was one hundred percent committed to her! <br />Brittnie was dreaming of her boss, babies and wedding bells. At first Jared wasn't interested. But when his grandfather decide to play Cupid, Jared decided to prove once and for all that there wasn't a spark of chemistry between them. Only, suddenly, after the breath-stealing, knee-melting kiss that followed, the boss wasn't so sure! <br />from back cover	2001-06-20
Walk In Danger	They were going West, the courageous young Elspeth and her beautiful but ailing married sister, leaving their civilized life in Boston for the uninhabited unknown. Elspeth told herself they were going for her sister's health, but when she looked into her brother-in-law's eyes she saw greed.... <br />When they finally arrived near Santa Fe, Elspeth became friendly with Maria, a young Navajo girl captured and working as a slave. Through Maria, Elspeth began to respect the ways of the Navajo-and to be sympathetic when Maria's brother, Tall Man, swept into the village to rescue her.... <br />From the moment Elspeth saw Tall Man, she could not get him out of her mind. She knew she would follow him to the ends of the earth, and that she would forsake her past to embrace the man and Navajo people, she had fallen in love with forever.... <br />from back cover of book	2001-06-20
Wonderful book!	I normally don't like this &quot;type&quot; of book, I'm a die hard mystery fan, but this book was great! I've had it laying around from years, some gave it to me saying I had to read it, and I just could not put it down.  <br />It is the story of a woman, throughout her life through a series of letters. A very touching story.	2001-06-20
Hearts on Fire 5*	Dark secrets, forbidden desires, scandalous discoveries... Gemma Smith searches for the secret of her true identity and fights for ruthless seducer Nathan Whitmore's love... <br />Celeste Campbell had lived on her hatred of Bryon Whitmore for twenty years. Revenge was sweet-until news reached her that Bryon was considering remarriage. Suddenly she found she could no longer deny all those long-buried feelings for him. Worse, she knew she wouldn't stop at desire! Nathan, however had convinced himself that was exactly where Gemma's feelings for him ended. Though whem Gemma overheard him talking with his ex-wife, Lenore, as if they were lovers, she knew for certain jut how much she had always really cared about Nathan... <br />from the back cover	2001-06-18
Suspense and romance	Harlequin Intrigue #315 3/95 * Who was this mysterious man? Bill Hamlin-if that was even his name-was a mystery. A tall, dark, sexy mystery, but still, not one Cara Davis was really sure she wanted to solve...especially when it became clear he was on the run from some deadly danger he declined to discuss. <br />Who was this woman of mystery? Cara Davis was lying about her identity-that much Bill could read in her smoldering brown eyes. Question was, could he trust this pretty lady when she swore she wasn't connected to his enemies? If they were going to pose as a married couple, he'd have to find out her secrets...even though he could never reveal his own	2001-06-18
from the back cover	From the homestead rushes of Indian Territory to the statehood of Oklahoma, the Heron family challenged the primitive American wilderness to wrest their fortune from the wasteland. Now, the the storm clouds of World War II shrouding the country, the Heron oil empire is endangered by a ruthless competitor. <br />As they struggle against overwhelming odds, once again their indomitable spirit will be put to the test of fire-their sacrifice boundless as the second generaton bravely marches off to battle-their courage endless as they fight for freedom in this powerful saga of passion, pride, and perseverence.	2001-06-18
from the back cover	&quot;Elaine! Why did you leave like that? Why?&quot;<br /> While visiting her ancestral home in England, Kelly Baxter was confronted by a furious stranger-who mistook her for someone called Elaine. Rattled, Kelly soon discovered that the distraught man was Byron Thorne and that he was distantly related to her cousin. <br />Cousin Charles greeted her with open arms. But the forbidding Byron Thorne made it quite clear that, as far as he was concerned, Kelly wasn't welcomed at Ashdon Hall. <br />Despite his coldness Kelly was irresistibly fascintated by Byron. She wished she could break through his wall of ice-and his numbing memories of the mysterious Elaine.	2001-06-18
Every heart has love to give...	True love sparkles inside the most unlikely hearts. They made an odd couple-he towered above her;she was as dainty as a china doll-but they found in each other a love as big and bountiful as the Colorado mountains.	2001-06-18
Lost at sea	Francesea Patterson and Matthew Sinclair share a stormy past. In fact, that animosity they feel toward each other is equal only by the disturbing undercurrent of unresolved attraction between them. Matt is the trustee of Francesca's inheritance. She needs her money now, but Matt is going to make her work for it. Literally. <br />As chief cook and bottle washer aboard a yacht, Silver Lady, and slave to his demanding guests, Francesca's been sentenced to eight weeks of hell on the high seas. And each scorchingly hot day in paradise is fueling a dangerous passion that is all too close to flaring out of control... <br />From back cover	2001-06-18
9 TO 5	Seducing the boss? Bianca Milne looks the part of the ambitious female executive, with her sleek, touch me not looks and her cool, controlled manner. But there's another Bianca underneath she never lets the business world see. Until she's assigned to buy out Matt Hearne's company.<br />Matt has heard rumors about Bianca, so how far will she go to clinch this deal? When he's called home to look after his little daughter, Bianca impulsively offers him her help, not anticipating that the enforced proximity will only ignite the smoldering physical attraction between them..<br />from back cover of book	2001-06-18
Suspense and Romance	Who was this mysterious man? Bill Hamlin-if that was even his name-was a mystery. A tall, dark, sexy mystery, but still, not one Cara Davis was really sure she wanted to solve...especially when it became clear he was on the run from some deadly danger he declined to discuss. <br />Who was this woman of mystery? Cara Davis was lying about her identity-that much Bill could read in her smoldering brown eyes. Question was, could he trust this pretty lady when she swore she wasn't connected to his enemies? If they were going to pose as a married couple, he'd have to find out her secrets...even though he could never reveal his own. <br />from the back cover of book	2001-06-18
The Man Who Fell To Earth	Was he a man, a mirage, or a miracle? The man who fell to earth. Like a scorching mirage, the stranger materialized from the sandswept Australian Dry-as naked and nameless as a newborn babe. But even without his memory, he was every inch a man...A man whose missing past-and eerily hypnotic presence-might prove menacing to frontierswoman Mackenzie Conroy. <br />Still, like a drop of water in a sensual desert, his mesmerizing masculinity made Mackenzie thrist for a deeper draught at the wellspring of experience. But if she lay her body down in the illusive oasis of his arms, would she sip from the infinity, make memories to last a millenium? Or would a cascade of miraculous passion evaporate into parched oblivion? <br />All Mackenzie knew was that the rains were coming...and time was running out. <br />from back of cover	2001-06-18
From the back cover	Legendary model Liana Marchall was every man's dream-and one man's nightmare! <br />For eleven years she'd haunted him, tormented him with memories of wild passion, and unforgettable sorrow, and now Richard Zagen had come to the great estate of SwanSea Place in search of the only woman he'd ever loved...the heartless siren who'd left him to build her career in the arms of another! Liana panicked at the sight of the man she'd once adored and them deceived, the destroyer who could give such astonishing pleasure and inflict such shattering pain. Time had only deepend her hunger for Richard, but the scars she carried were as painful as those she'd long ago left on him. Swept up in a storm of desperate desire, drawn into an inferno of passion and intrigue that bridged the present and distant past, they struggled to find the truth. By forgiving each other, could they remove the shadow of sorrow and thwarted love from SwanSea Place?	2001-06-18
From the back cover	The secret garden. The little village of Shared Ground, hidden away in the mountains of Tennessee, was an enchanted place, where ancient knowledge was preserved in a centries-old tradition.<br /> Beck MacDomhall was one of Shared Ground's chosen ones. He had taken his special gifts to a wider world of wealth and power-but now his people had called him home. <br />Catronia Muir, the lovely bearer of their urgent summons, had powers very nearly the equal of Beck's own. And as Shared Ground and its gentle ways worked their magic on Beck's weary spirit, so did Cat weave her way into his very dreams. But his place was elsewhere, and hers was here. How could there ever be shared ground for them?	2001-06-18
from the back cover	A pretend princess; a real love story. Peter and Michael Wolfe, aged eight and five, deserately wanted to win a day with their beloved Story Princess. So Peter wrote her a letter... <br />Domini Loring, who played the Story Princess for a Seattle television station, was deeply affected by that letter. Was it because the boys had lost their mother? Or Michael's illness? Or because of their father's stinging comments, faithfully transcribed, labeling the Story Princess a publicity seeking grade-B actress? <br />When she met Dr Jarod Wolfe, Domini wasn't surprised by his obvious disapproval. What did shock her was the way Jarod made her feel...the things he made her want!	2001-06-18
from the back cover	When single mother Justine Murdock found baby twins abandoned on her doorstep, she saw the Murdock chin and big green eyes in those sweet faces. Maybe she was just imagining the family resemblence. Or maybe she was just stalling on calling the too handsome sheriff... <br />Sheriff Rogy Pardee thought all babies looked alike, but the minute he arrived at the Bar M ranch he did notice a startling family resemblance. Between himself and Justine's 5 yr old son. Who those little twins belonged to was a mystery. But who Justine and her boy belonged with was clear as day...	2001-06-18
She drove him mad with wanting...	The ruthless son of a powerful dynasty, Conall Deverell was stunned by Sharon Graham's demand: that he honor a promise made by his grandfather to her great-aunt - and the favor she wanted was that he make her pregnant! Conall found Sharon almost impossible to resist. Sharon creaved Conall's intimate embraces.But unless she fled Conall's domain, she feared he'd never free her heart. Would SwanSea's legacy be that true love once lost could be redeemed?<br />from back cover of book	2001-06-18
Can you crack the case?	YOU spot the clues...YOU match wits with famouse detective Dr Haledjian...YOU solve it!<br />63 quickie mysteries, filled with very tricky clues. Answers are given, so you can score yourself as a slueth. You are the detective!	2001-06-18
from the back cover	He'd always been a law unto himself. Rafe Lindsay, Earl of Invercaldy, was lord of all he surveyed. But the days when noblemen held the right to seduce any village maiden he fancied were long gone. Not that the message had reached Rafe! <br />But then Isobel Jacobson was hardly a maiden. She was a widow, struggling to raise an unruly teenage daughter of her own. She was also a woman who longed to feel the passion that intimacy held...	2001-06-18
Hearts of Fire 1	Dark secrets, forbidden desires, scandalous discoveries... Gemma Smith searches for the secret of her true identity and fights for ruthless seducer Nathan Whitmore's love....	2001-06-18
from the back cover	At the moment of his death, Alp, a powerful and cunning Turkish warrior chieftain, is thrust naked, weaponless and horseless into a bewildering world that her perceives as hell. He soon discovers that the hell he inhabits is filled not with demons, but a race of humans known as Galactics from an age far removed from his own. He has been chosen to fight, and perhaps die again, in a vast intergalactic game called Steppe-a strange recreation of his own era where horses are starships, cities are planets and mountains are suns. <br />Alp has always been a victor in the bloody struggle for survival among his people. Will his barbarian cunning be enough to defeat the intellectual might of the Galactics and by his knowledge of his own time win a place for himself among the stars?	2001-06-18
White hot adventure and romance	Seduced by desire.<br /> When beautiful young Amelia first came upon Gray Wing in the wilderness of the Pacific Northwest, she was entranced by the virile strength of his bronzed, muscular body, and the unbridled passion in his smoldering glance...With every beat of her heart, she yearned to surrender her innocence to his hot, demanding embrace. <br />Enslaved by ecstasy. <br />Yet barely had Amelia felt the surging fire of his sensual caress before she was cruelly torn from the proud and magnificent Indian chief. At the mercy of her family's wrath, she was spirited away to an exotic shore, far from Gray Wing's irresistible touch. But her hidden longings could not be denied-and nothing would keep her from the secret pleasures of Gray Wing's captivating love when he claimed her in flames of passion that would triumph forever... <br />from back cover.	2001-06-17
funny, adventurous and utterly delightful...	Harlequin Historical * 167 * 4/93<br />Fair Game. A swirl of petticoats disappearing up a tree had been James Stewart's first sight of the impetuous Miss Shaw. And though he wondered even more what she looked like without all that lace to hide behind. <br />The impertinent soldier Stewart had an uncanny knack for turning up at the most inopportune times, usually when Jane was half-dressed. And if the truth of her activities became as hard to hide from him as her womanly charms were proving to be, her secret cause was surely lost! <br />from back cover	2001-06-17
Selection of Book-of-the-month Club	They crossed the oceans and continents and loved with a passion as spirited, beautiful and bold as the new Australian frontier they found...<br />Susannah King was the daughter of the English governor of the Australian colony. Nicolas Baudin was a French explorer. They found each other in a new land and forged a pure, passionate, perfect-and tragic-love affair. <br />Amid the turbulence and wonder of the emerging Australian nation, unfolds this towering story of a woman who found a magnificent love, a love that would tantalize all of her days and nights and shape not only her own life but the destiny of a nation... <br />'A breathtaking novel, one of those page-turners you cannot resist until the final word is read'-Columbus Dispatch *<br /> 'An Australian family saga as unforgettable as The Thorn Birds'-Book of the Month Club News. <br />from the back cover	2001-06-17
Their love exploded in fiery splendor!	Golden haired Amanda was as wild and beautiful as the Texas countryside where she was born. And though she was courted by every rancher in the country, none could win her heart. She wanted a real man, an independent man, a man who could teach her the delicious secrets of passion, a man named Troy Branigan. When he crushed her in his arms, explored her velvet flesh, ecstasy rose in her veins like slow liquid fire. Her body knew that he was the only one capable of taming her spirit but her mind knew that he was much to dangerous to love...<br />Rugged, handsome, experienced in the ways of pleasing women, Tony had no time for spoiled, wealthy Amanda. But when her innocent blue eyes haunted his days and her full sensuous lips taunted his nights, he knew he had to take her and satisfy his desire. That she was arrogant and flirtatious just made him crave her more. He would show her what happened when she teased a Texas man-never dreaming he'd be caught in the flames of her Texas Wildfire.<br />from the back cover of the book	2001-06-15
Nothing is merrier than a Holiday Romance...	4 Stories<br />*1. Christmas Angel by Kat Martin - Southern belle Angel Summers doesn't want to see one more damn Yankee, especially Josh Coltrane, the man she once loved. When he joined the Union Army, she vowed to hate him forever. Now he's back in Savannah for Christmas, for a miracle that could heal both their hearts... <br />* 2.Under the Mistletoe by Elaine Coffman - When widow Holly Noel Winter, along with a nanny, housekeeper, six little girls and one baby boy, moves next door to resident scrooge Dr Stan Levine, it's time for a war between the sexes. Unless Christmas brings peace on earth and a time for even a grouch to fall in love...<br />* 3. Home for Christmas by Katherine Sutcliffe - Virginia &quot;Gigi&quot; Valemer is in a bah humbug period: it's Christmas, she's broke, and a stanger on a motorcycle spooked her horse so badly she was nearly thrown. Then the motorcyclist turns out to be a man with secrets, including the one that can make this holiday the best one of Gigi's life...<br />* 4. A Baby For Christmas by Lisa Jackson - Lonely Annie McFarlane is having a blue holiday...until a baby in a basket is left on her doorstep. When a handsome man appears to claims the child, Annie faces losing the most precious gift she's ever been given...or getting another Christmas surprise. <br />from the back cover of the book.	2001-06-15
Perhaps she was too beautiful!	Perhaps the brawling colonies would have been safer for a plainer girl, one more demure and less accomplished in language and manner. But Charity Woodstock was gloriously beautiful with pale golden hair and topaz eyes and she was headed for trouble. She was accused of witchcraft by the man who had attacked her. She was whisked from the stake by a highwayman in whose arms she found joy but no sanctuary. Fate flung her from the manor of a Dutch patroon to the simple hut of a Quaker, from a pirate ship to plantation. Beauty might have been her downfall, but Charity Woodstock had a reckless passion to live and a fine determination to give herself only for love. She would challenge this new world and win. <br />from the back cover of the book	2001-06-15
She wanted love again. Did she want too much?	Long ago they had been husband and wife-when Angie Hall was just a teenage. Now, under the burning Texas sun, they are enemies-and lovers once again as Deke Blackwood's lean, hard rancher's body rekindles the long-smoldering fires between them. For in his summer house by the shimmering Gulf, the golden-haired girl has surrendered her life and her heart to become Deke's woman, to recapture the love that was...terms of surrender. <br />from the back cover of the book.	2001-06-15
Wide Open Spaces	The long ride home. <br />Chase McCall: The lonely road he'd chosen had somehow led him straight back to the home he'd always hated-and the woman he'd always loved... <br />Devon Manyfeathers: She knew better than to believe this man could ever give up his restless ways-but that didn't keep her from hoping... <br />She was the only woman he'd ever truly wanted, and yet Chase had always been too busy chasing his dreams on the rodeo circuit-and running from his troubled past-to make it work with Devon. But something seemed to be calling him home now, to the Alberta ranch country and to her-and making him dream of just one more chance... <br />WIDE OPEN SPACES: In the shadow of the Rockies lies a land where passions run high-and love can last forever. <br />from the back cover of the book,	2001-06-14
Here Comes the Grooms-Marriage Inc.	Andrea Kirkland was up to her ears in romance. <br />The newest resident of Laurel Valley had learned quickly that Virginians take love very seriously. Business was brisk at Weddings Unlimited, and expanding in ways Andrea had never dreamed. She counseled nervous brides, patched up feuds and even gave one dawdling romance a push. <br />None of this on-the-job experience helped her relationship with Matt Donaldson, who strubbornly insisted he was not entitled to love. But Matt's logic didn't matter to the citizens of Laurel Valley, who used age-old tactics to speed Matt and Andrea along to happy-ever-after... Marriage, Inc.: Weddings are their business-but marriage is their destiny. <br />From the back cover.	2001-06-14
Women who dare... Intrigue, Danger, and Passion	On summer in New Orleans-<br />Madeline Johnson is determined to uncover the truth about her brother. His last words-a cry for help on Maddie's answering machine-contradict what the New Orleans police are telling her. The cops seem in a real hurry to close the case, and the one detective who may be able to help is about to go on vacation.<br />Alex Batiste's vacation plans are set. His daughter's come to stay with him and, along with the usual teenage problems, the girl-encouraged by Alex's ex-wife-has a bad attitude toward her father. So police work is the furthest thing from Alex's mind.<br />But it's not that easy to get the beautiful Maddie out of his mind. Apart from her persistence and her unwavering belief in her brother-traits he admires-she seems to know all the right things to say and do around his daughter. Now helping Maddie is becoming more than simply doing his job.	2001-06-14
He's abandoned her once!	An idyllic love affair in Vernazza, Italy, changed Suzanne Lane's life, she found herself pregnant and alone. She married another man, and they raised a family. But she never forgot that one heavenly time, or forgave. A return trip to the Mediterranean shores years later was a dream come true, until he arrived. <br />David Marshall should have had the appeal of the devil incarnate, but Suzanne could no more resist his seductive lure than when she was young and in love. Even as she succumbed, she feared the results. If either David or her daughter learned the truth, the consequences would be devastating...<br />from the back cover.	2001-06-14
From the back cover of the book...	Even in death she was beautiful.<br /> Chief Detective Gabe Kincaid had known some gorgeous women in day, but the sight of Jennifer Madden's perfect dead body was breathtaking. After all, she was an ex-stripper turned society grand dame. <br />Eden Island's sensational murder case was sizzling, and one Gabe would crack. But he wasn't the only one who wanted in. The new deputy coroner, Jane Hardesty, was becoming a thorn in his side as she weasled her way into his investigation. <br />Eden Island's closed society of beautiful people was turning into a hotbed of gossip and secrets. And when Jane became the target for death, Gabe had no choice but to keep her close-in more ways than one. <br />But the closer they got, so did their faceless murderer. One of Eden Island's beautiful people.	2001-06-14
From the back cover...	Ryder-He claimed her mouth as if she were already his...<br />He'd always thrived on the adventure of being a wildcatter, relished the pursuit of a new oil well, but Ryder Knight felt his restlessness vanish when Hannah Corbett told him he looked like trouble and that he was no gentleman! Ryder knew it wouldn't be easy persuading the lovely owner of the Navajo trading post to lease him drilling rights to her grandmother's land, but he expected to enjoy the fight! <br />Some temptations were harder to resist than others.<br />Unwilling to accept that destiny was playing matchmaker, Hannah challenged Ryder to prove worthy of her trust. But when his possessive embrace made her go up in flames, she feared losing control, trading her freedom for the joy only he could teach her. Ryder promised to silence her ghosts, but could he make Hannah believe he'd never leave her, that he'd be happy forever walking at her side?	2001-06-14
She was as wild and untamed as the land...	He would never give up...<br />Mariah Palmer had lived on the Brazos River all her life. It was her land, her home and one day she would see it free from Mexico forever. And if Santa Anna thought that his henchman, Matthew Cade, would take it from her, he was sadly mistaken. She would never give in to the debonair soldier of fortune who tried to charm and cajole her with his suave, good looks and expensive gifts. Instead, she would seduce him with soft kisses, and the promise of her virtue. And she knew that when she was through with the traitorous Mr Cade he would grant her every wish...<br />She would never give in...<br />Matthew Cade always accomplished his missions, no matter how dangerous or difficult. But no one had warned him that this time the one obstacle to his sucess was a violet-eyed beauty with sun-red hair that shone like flames.... <br />from the back cover of book	2001-06-14
The Secret of Sexual Attraction!	Reese has developed a new male scent, Irresistible, which is suppose to be pheromonal solution to attracting women. Unfortunately it doesn't work. Graduate student Nicola may have discovered the secret to sexual attraction, he needs her research. He needs her! A truly contemporary story of intrigue, comedy, and always love.	2001-06-14
from back cover	When DJ Woodward learned her father was alive, despite the fact that her mother had always told her otherwise, she was fuming! It didn't occur to her that her mother had been trying to protect her for 30 years. After all, what was so threatening about a long lost father? But why was DJ so reluctant to tell her own 4 year old she had a grandfather? <br />Adam McAllister was fuming, too. Why hadn't DJ's mother told her the truth about Larry Galloway? Didn't she realize she was putting DJ and her daughter at risk? His hands were tied by his job-as DJ's bodyguard. Worse, he was beginning to care less about the job than he did about the woman herself. <br />If he couldn't tell her the truth, how could her ever keep her safe?	2001-06-11
Passion, Wild Rapture	Wild rapture and spine tingling fear melted into a burning sea of desire the moment Captain Morgan Black took the luscious Kristen in his arms. Slowly his mouth claimed hers in a deep, lingering kiss, and the heat of this strange new sensation gripped her, spinning her out of control. First he kidnapped her, now he ravished her, yet somehow this savage pirate touched her very soul. Kristen hated him, but wanted him - more that she could ever know... <br />Untamed love and sparks of ecstasy ignited into fire when Morgan embraced the golden-haired Kristen. Her body was warm and supple, her lips soft and moist, her innocent gray eyes so full of promise. Now that she was his prisoner there was no doubt that he'd possess her. And as his mouth sought hers in what he intended to be a kiss of punishment-it became instead, a bond forever uniting him to the bliss of Kristin's Passion. <br />from back cover	2001-06-11
A must read!	Da hurt...Da kill...Help Me! These are the last words little Alice said as she called into Rena Halbrook's radio show. As Charles Halleran, veteran reporter, hears the little girl's plea over his car radio, he remembers another little girl named Alice who died in New York eighteen years before. Can there possibly be a connection? Charles teams up with Rena in a desperate search to uncover dark secrets from the tragedy from striking again. <br />They race against time as their hunt leads them on a spine-tingling chase from the placid streets of Beverly Hills to the burnt-out tenements of the South Bronx. And the more they learn, the more certain they become that what they don't know could definitely hurt them...<br />This was a great book, suspense until the last chapter. Hard to put down. Great author! Gary only wrote 4 or 5 books.  Does anyone know what happened to him?  I have enjoyed all of his books.	2001-06-11
from the back cover	True-blue police chief Holt Shelton was tough on crime: he had a small Texas town-and a reclusive Hollywood legend-to protect. So when he nabbed beautiful Casey Westbrook trespassing, a smoking camera in her hot little hand, he promptly hauled the snoopy reporter off to jail. But soon her innocent eyes, her contrite vulnerability, softened his steeliness...a fraction.<br />Casey hated deceiving high-minded Holt. But this job, this assignment, represented her freedom from the darkly cloying past. Would ...(a) forbidden photograph forever banish her from the cozy town that was beginning to feel like home, the friendly folks who felt like family-and the sexy cop who felt like heaven in her arms?	2001-06-10
Svengill: The Shark and Me-A Sierra Club Book	As a diver at Marine World/Africa USA it was part of Don Reed's job to swim with sharks. He fed them and cleaned their tank. At first he was afraid when he felt a scratchy stomach brush past him or saw an approaching pair of jaws. Soon, however, he grew used to the sharks. He was even comfortable with them, admiring their strength and agility. He especially cared for Sevengill, a massive brown shark with black spots and golden eyes. <br />Sevengill did not scare Don Reed. He began to trust her...Until the terifying day he felt her teeth. Then he realized his mistake. A shark can never be someone's pet. <br />From the back cover of the book.	2001-06-08
from the back cover	When Peggy found handsome James Marston lying hurt near her Caribbean plantation, she hoped he was bring news of her inheritance. She desperately needed the money to save her farm. <br />In fact, he was a financial wizard getting away from it all, and he knew nothing ahout the legecy. However, Jim soon spotted Peggy's redundant crops of arrowroot and, having problem of his own, he quickly devised a deal to suit both of them. <br />Peggy was tempted by his plan-but just what had her superstitious housekeeper meant when she'd read Jim's tarot cards and predicted riches, fire...and love?	2001-06-08
This Actually Could Happen Today! Scary	This book is very realistic. This could happen today, it is almost out of our headlines. Very scary. <br />From the Back cover of the book:<BR>In a world beset by cunning and dedicated terrorists, the helpless depend on superheros to save them from destruction. <br />In a complex and tightly woven plot, the city of Boston is to be destroyed by an explosion several times the size of the one that leveled Hiroshima. While the terrorist move forward with expertise, viviousness, and split-second timing, Alfred Baldwin, an unlikely hero, and Dana Pilliod, wife of the wealthy industrialist whose LNG supertanker is to serve as the terrorists' bomb, flounder in confusion, fear, and indecision. But the blue flame that lures the terrorists toward their goal of fiery revenge also burns in Baldwin and Dana-in the form of incredible courage. <br />In this suspenseful, and highly believable thriller, terrorism comes swiftly to the doorstep of civilization, and is met by two brave and very remarkable people. <br />This book was very readable...with non-stop action 'til the very end. Linda	2001-06-08
2 stories in one book	North to Powder River<br />Broke and down on their luck. Buckshot McKee and his sidekick Tortilla Joe took a job from an old friend. All they had to do was drive 32 Brahma bulls from Texas to Wyoming. It was a dangerous ride with every two-bit tought they met gunning for possession of the valuable bulls. And when the journey was over, Buckshot and Tortilla Joe found more trouble in the shape of a double-crossing gunman. But nothing was going to stop them from collecting the money they had worked so hard to earn.<br />The Gringo<br />Cliff Blanton drove his heard from Texas to a new ranch in California where he hoped to start a new life. But the minute he arrived in Santa Barbara, Blanton started receiving threats, For the Mexicans hated all gringos after the recent war, and they refused to recognize American claims on their land. Despite the danger, Blanton was determined to settle the land that was legally his. If the Mexcians wanted another war, he was more than ready to fight.<br />(from the back cover of the book)	2001-06-08
From the Author of &quot;Swampfire&quot;	Ryan Mallory had risen from the ashes of personal tragedy with a fierce passion for life. In the Colorado hideout of her Rebel brother, she won the hearts of every soldier with her gentle ways and giving nature. But her greatest challenge came from Ben Morgan, a bitter, lonely Union colonel haunted by scorned love and hardened by years of war and isolation. <br />As the South crumbled around them, Ryan fought her own battles as she struggled to teach both her brother and the taciturn Morgan to trust...and to forgive.<br />(from the back cover of the book)	2001-06-08
In the beginning...	He was just an ordinary guy named Bill, a fertilizer operator from a planet of farmers. Then a recruiting robot shanghaied him with knockout drops, and he came to in deep space, aboard the Empire warship Christine Keeler. <br />The enemy was the seven-foot lizardoid Chingers. The reward for heroism was a weekend in the Empire's fabled Sin City. The penalty for cowardice was worse than death. So Bill did what any sensible farm boy would do.<br />And the Galaxy had a new hero...  (from the back cover)	2001-06-08
Does your mother embarrass you?	<br />From the back cover of the book:	2001-06-08
A page turner for sure	I normally don't read romance but I did this one. I found this book very entertaining.	2001-06-08
A Great Saga	From the back cover of book-The Mannings-Patriots and Traitors, Royalists and Rebels, in a country swept by Winds of War.  They had wrested their fortune from the teeming swamps and rich, red earth of South Carolina. Now Drew, the hot-blooded adventurer, and Gwynne, his passionate young wife, were ready to risk everything for a dream of freedom.  <br />Even as John clung doggedly to the fading standards of the royalist past...as Joanna stood ready to betray her own blood for vengeance's sake...they shared one noble heritage, one magnificent destiny-one family torn between ties of blood and the rousing challenge of the Drums of December. <br />With bold spirit and raw courage, they had conquered a wilderness. Now they would have to fight to make a nation...<br />This was an alternate selection of the Doubleday Book Club.	2001-05-05
