A song for America	In this vibrant book of historical nonfiction, Gore Vidal illuminates the key figures and events that shaped the founding of the American Republic. He brings to life Washington, Jefferson, Adams, Alexander Hamilton, and others to create a powerful portrait of America's beginnings. By peering at the past, we gain a better understanding of the current political climate, and \\"Inventing a Nation\\" is a glorious testament to our founding, colored as it is by Vidal's astute observations and insights.	2004-03-11
Light on the unknown	In his latest book, Russ Kick brings together more little known or unknown facts for public consumption. While some of these tidbits are not surprising, they are all interesting, and luckily he includes some references for additional reading. Some of the more interesting were about the real Ten Commandments, the actual legal obligations of the police, the power of juries, and the other massacres of college students during the Vietnam conflict.	2004-03-08
Bound by the beauty	In this epic play, subtitled a Gay Fantasia on National Themes, we follow the lives of a small group of people struggling with AIDS, love, and the meaning of forgiveness. Prior Walter has AIDS, and his lover Louis leaves him because he cannot handle it. Prior is later visited by the Angel, who deems him a prophet, but of what? Louis meets Joe whose marriage is collapsing, and the two find solace in each other. Roy Cohn is one of the most powerful men in America, so he cannot have AIDS because that would be a sign of weakness. Instead, he has cancer. \\"Angels in America\\" is a fantastic meditation on love and politics in the beginning years of the AIDS crisis that still has relevance today with its message of greater love and acceptance.	2004-03-08
Fantastic and unpredictable	In this innovative story originally written for the internet ([...] we follow the lives of the 253 passengers on a London tube train on January 11, 1995. Each passenger has one page of story told in 253 words, informing about secrets, loves, interests, and whatever else makes the passenger unique and ordinary. In this print version of the internet story, readers not only have the many cross-references, but also some extra information not on the internet where the author reworks to make things more clear, due to the different media of printed text. With marvelous wit and insight, Geoff Ryman creates a surprising portrait of humanity in all its intricacies and commonalities that feeds the voyeur in each reader and leaves us with a distinct vision of what it means to be really living.	2004-03-07
A magnificent tale	In his playful (pun intended) tenth novel, Michael Craft fuses the intricacies of the classic mystery genre with the overall structure of dramatic theater to create a wild entertainment. Claire Gray is facing the end of her first academic year at Desert Arts College, as well as the probable end of her relationship with her younger leading man, who is set to star in his first feature film. She publicly laments this loss, and quips that she wishes the director dead, so when his body is discovered in her pool after that night's party, guess who's the prime suspect? Briefly reluctant to involve herself in yet another murder investigation, Claire sets out to clear her name and finds that only she actually liked the director, and the list of suspects grows by the moment. Written simultaneously with Craft's stage play \\"Photo Flash\\", \\"Desert Spring\\" borrows heavily from the theater world, and this only cements the lively quality of his storytelling. The book is determined to be both fun and serious, without being dour, and greatly surpassed my expectations.	2004-03-02
If you were in her movie	In her new poetry collection, Daphne Gottlieb takes us by the hand and leads us through a horror movie of her own labyrinthine invention, through to the sharp relief of survival. Using American iconic figures and the mythologies of horror movies, she explores what it means to survive, whether it's love or captivity or the death of one's mother or our ubiquitous pop culture appetite. By the last poems, like the last girl alive at the end of a slasher flick, we are battered and renewed, with dirt under our nails and a fierce determination to live. \\"Final Girl\\" is an invigorating vision of strength and courage.	2004-03-01
A glowing perspective	In this discerning and somewhat humorous essay, Virginia Woolf remarks on humanity's experiences with illness, whether mental or physical, and on how it is rarely the subject of literature or art. She notes our contradictory nature toward sympathy and offers an opinion about what illness tells us about the natural world. Hermione Lee's fascinating introduction firmly places this remarkable work in the context of Woolf's life and writing. This Paris Press edition recreates the original artwork and typeset of the 1930 printing of \\"On Being Ill\\".	2004-02-27
Hello, bibliophilia!	In this delightful critique, Zaid explores the publishing industry and the joys of having a plethora of books to read. He touches on the culture and technology of books, as well as the functions of libraries and bookstores in the whole scheme of publishing. Entertaining, informative, and laudatory, \\"So Many Books\\" is a bibliophile's must-read and reminds readers exactly why it is we find such happiness in books.	2004-02-27
A wonderful edition of an important work	Oswald, a British aristocrat, meets the Hungarian soldier Imre in Budapest, and they develop a friendship. After some time, Oswald confesses his homosexuality and fears losing his new friend, but Imre's own confession changes both their lives. Privately published in 1906 under the alias Xavier Mayne, \\"Imre: A Memorandum\\" is one of the earliest novels with positive homosexual characters, and is especially notable for its happy ending. The story is more of a discourse about homosexuality and serves somewhat as a precursor to the author's later study, \\"The Intersexes\\". In his introduction and through various appendices, James Gifford tells about Stevenson's life, includes some other excerpts from Stevenson's works, and includes a review of \\"Imre\\" from 1907. This is a fascinating edition of an important work in queer literature.	2004-02-27
A witty mystery	The year is 1979 and Don Strachey is hired by a wealthy couple to find their son Billy. Billy is wanted for murder, and since both he and Strachey are gay, the detective must have some ideas as to where the young man has fled. Of course, because all gays know each other, right? Soon Strachey is drawn into a complex puzzle as he becomes determined to prove Billy's innocence. Now if he could just find the young man before it's too late. In this lively mystery, Stevenson introduces his plucky detective and spins a great tale that belies the social commentary contained within. \\"Death Trick\\" is not only a great example of the mystery genre, but also a compelling slice of gay literary history.	2004-02-26
A gorgeous supplement to &quot;A Door into Ocean&quot;	Following a couple centuries after \\"A Door into Ocean\\", \\"Daughter of Elysium\\" revisits the planet Shora, home of the ocean-dwelling Sharers and the city-dwelling Elysians. Raincloud Windclan came to Elysium accompanied by her family to help avert a war. Her scientist husband was invited to assist in delving into the secrets of Elysians' longevity and in solving the Elysians' inability to bear children. The technologically superior Elysians live a pleasurable existence surrounded by their robot servants, who are slowly gaining sentience despite various precautions. In this epic sci fi tale, various threads entwine and produce a glorious and compelling exploration into compassion and humanity that fascinates as it entertains. Slonczewski deftly portrays the complex nuances of the bevy of characters, leading readers to explore their own human natures and giving us much to ponder.	2004-02-26
Love song	The famous French novelist Paul Michel lived a glamorously unconstrained life, much like his books, until the death of Michel Foucault in 1984. Soon after, he snapped and attempted murder, and was incarcerated in an asylum. Our narrator is writing his thesis on Paul Michel's fiction, and with the urging of his alarmingly intense girlfriend, he sets out to find the man behind the myth and fiction. Travelling through France and finding the lost writer in a hospital, the young man finds himself seduced further by Paul Michel's sharp personality and sets out to free the man he loves from his physical prison, but what of the writer's mental prison? \\"Hallucinating Foucault\\" is a fiery confession of love between reader and writer, of the allure of the passionately mad, of living beyond consequences. Like each of the characters, we readers find ourselves seduced by story and falling in love with words, and bereft when the book ends. Patricia Duncker entrances us with this magnificent and potent story of literature, madness, love, and inner darkness.	2004-02-12
A romantic supernatural thriller	Russ and his mother Lizzy are decades-old shapeshifters who have settled in San Diego for the time being. Russ uses his abilities to spice up his long string of one-night stands. When he meets Eric, Russ is immediately smitten and feels ready to risk it all to make the relationship work, including the truth about his supernatural self. Their love strains under this burden, and when Eric's mother starts piecing together the truth about Lizzy and Russ, things become more complicated. In one brutal instant, Russ and Eric's love is tested and they could lose not only their connection but also their lives. \\"Elf Child\\" is a compelling romance that embraces themes of our image-conscious culture, being an outsider, and the consequences of hiding the truth about oneself. There are some contrived elements to the novel, like the connection between their mothers, but those are but blips in a charming and fantastical supernatural thriller that earns its nomination for a Lambda Literary Award.	2004-02-11
Bedazzle	Thursday Next is a Special Operative in literary detection in an England of 1985 where time travel is routine for some and altering literature is a serious offense. A man from Thursday's past named Acheron Hades is quickly gaining attention for his heinous crimes, especially after he steals the original manuscript for \\"Martin Chuzzlewit\\". Thursday's uncle has created a machine through which one can enter books, and Hades has kidnapped him. After killing off a minor character in the book, Next and her fellow operatives know Hades means business, and when he next steals the original \\"Jane Eyre\\", Thursday takes it personally because it's her favorite book. In this wildly imaginative thriller, Jasper Fforde keeps readers dazzled with his quirky tale that references pop culture, literary classics, and historical alternatives. \\"The Eyre Affair\\" is a witty book that will delight many bibliophiles and will leave many heads spinning.	2004-02-08
A wonderful journey	Kris Radish's allegorical tale is about eight women in rural Wisconsin who meet regularly, ostensibly to read books or discuss life. One night they set out on a walk together for various personal reasons, and the walk stretches over a couple of days. The story gains national attention and exposure, and inspires lots of women worldwide. The walking women have no knowledge of their effect, and are only out as friends supporting one another. Intimate, glorious, and emotive, \\"The Elegant Gathering of White Snows\\" is a wonderful novel about friendship and personal liberation. Like \\"And Then They Were Nuns\\" by Susan Leonardi or \\"Wanderground\\" by Sally Miller Gearhart, this book is not about the individual characters as much as it is about female friendship and the power of women as a group.	2004-02-06
A great continuation	Continuing from the successful \\"Rainbow Boys\\", \\"Rainbow High\\" follows Nelson, Jason, and Kyle through most of their senior year in high school as they look forward to their futures after graduation, but will they all be together? Nelson struggles with having an HIV+ boyfriend, while Jason and Kyle work through the beginnings of their relationship. Kyle is hesitant to decide on a college until he knows where Jason is heading. Jason, meanwhile, decides to come out to his basketball coach and team, but this could jeopardize his scholarship, or will it? This young adult novel explores friendship and dating in these characters' lives, and paints a hopeful picture of being young and gay. While the story does gloss over much of the emotional intricacies of the teens, \\"Rainbow High\\" is a delight to read. Like in his first book, Sanchez also includes resources for gay youth after the story's conclusion.	2004-01-31
The grand scope of humanity	In this epic novel, Mika Waltari traces a portion of Egyptian history through the eyes of Sinuhe, the physician to the Pharaoh Akhnaton. His humble and mysterious origin colors his views as he bears witness to the winds of change in Egypt as the Pharaoh supplants the old gods for a new one, much to the dismay of his citizens. He also is witness to the rise of Horemheb, whom he calls a friend, as this military general defeats the encroaching Hittites and eventually becomes the next Pharaoh. Brilliantly illuminating life in ancient Egypt, Waltari entertains readers with a tale of love and loss, of war and tragedy, of friendship and betrayal. \\"The Egyptian\\" sometimes comes across as plodding or dry by modern standards, but the fascinating and flawed main character entrances readers to reach the final pages.	2004-01-31
Spiral	Strindberg's classic play follows the downward spiral of an aristocratic young woman whose break-up with her fianc is quite the talk of the estate. Miss Julie pursues her father's valet, and seduces him, without thought for the repercussions. Unfortunately for Julie, these consequences must be faced. Controversial at its debut, \\"Miss Julie\\" also was highly original in form and structure, and while its subject matter isn't as shocking today, the palpable drama does resonate.	2004-01-23
The heritage of women	In this mythic fantasy, Nalo Hopkinson braids together the lives of three distinct African women into a potent and sensual feminist vision. Mer is a plantation slave and a healer in what is now modern-day Haiti. She is the lover of Tipingee, but shares this love with Tipingee's husband. Jeanne Duval is a former dancer who is now the lover of struggling Parisian poet Charles Baudelaire. In ancient Alexandria, Thais is a prostitute, and her journey will take her to the outskirts of Jerusalem. Through their lovemaking and daily lives, these women host the spirit sometimes called Ezili, who echoes other names. Ezili can influence their actions, although she often is simply witness through their corporeality, even as she flails against her own bonds. Weaving these seemingly disparate threads together, Hopkinson illumines the lives of women as she explores sexuality, transcendence, spirituality, and personal freedom. Much like \\"Godmother Night\\" by Rachel Pollack and \\"The Female Man\\" by Joanna Russ, this novel reaches beyond the confines of genre to sing passionately with new rhythms.	2004-01-21
Envision	With a clear vision, Toby Johnson explores how being homosexual, and thus non-standard, allows us queers a unique view on religion, society, spirituality, sexuality, and gender roles. Embracing a variety of faiths and a range of progressive and feminist doctrines, he shapes a brave redefinition of how to live as gay and lesbian individuals, fully in tune with the concepts of God's whole nature. \\"Gay Perspective\\" is a thought-provoking volume, and is intended as such, to create a discourse for us to express in our relationship with the non-gay world in which we live. I found it quite inspiring, especially in its reaffirmation of simple truths that are easily forgotten in our modern world, and I heartily recommend it to anyone willing to imagine the world as a tapestry of beauty.	2004-01-13
Flowering	Ann, sixty-five and newly single again, retires from her job and decides to finally leave Chicago. She opts to move to a small town, where she figures she will remain a closeted dyke for the last years of her life. She finds a lively senior citizens community, and begins to settle into this new rhythm. Eldora enters her life, and Ann is instantly smitten. Eldora is a widow living at the farm where she grew up, where also her son and daughter-in-law reside. Ann chastises herself for being attracted to a grandmother, of all things, until a shocking admission by Eldora changes both their lives. Embarking on a surprising love affair in a small town at their respective ages is not something to be taken lightly, and maneuvering settled ways is not easy either. But love can find a way when desire is its strength. \\"Prism\\" is a wonderful romance that explores love and sex after sixty and proves the beauty of life at every age, and the surprises that await. As the novel progresses, Taylor expands her scope to include lesbian separatism, treatment of the elderly, and family values to make this a wholly enjoyable feast.	2004-01-12
Tidal wave	Set in the early 1980s in Kentucky and Indiana, \\"A Better Place\\" is the story of two boys who fall in love and search for a place to call home. Casper is poor and the victim of incest. Brendan is the captain of the high school football team, and keeps his being gay a big secret, until he falls for Casper. They struggle through a rough beginning, but eventually they become boyfriends. When their secret gets out, their schoolmates are supportive, but Brendan's parents force him into a mental hospital for treatment. He escapes in time to save Casper from his sadistic brother, but at a terrible price. They flee and scrape by, until they end up in Verona, where they feel finally at peace, until Casper's family reaches him yet again. This is Roeder's fourth book in his gay youth series, and it intertwines with those tales, forming a tightly-fit jigsaw. Unfortunately, the story suffers because of it. As the novel progresses, events become more and more contrived and almost unbelievable. There are several passages of great writing, but the endless clichs and stock characters drown these passages. Plus, the characters of Casper and Brendan are nearly indistinguishable in terms of story voice and actions, only the details of their backgrounds keep them separated in the reader's mind (poor/rich, abused/strong). I wanted to rate the book higher, but the final dozen or so pages reinforced the novel's deliberate lack of reaching beyond the plot's ubiquity in so many stories targeted to gay youth.	2004-01-10
Radiant pop song romance	Paul is a sophomore at a high school where the star quarterback is also a drag queen called Infinite Darlene. Being gay is so a part of this world that it's unnecessary to mention it almost. When Paul first notices Noah, he knows it's going to be huge. Unfortunately Paul's exboyfriend Kyle, who went on to date girls, has decided to drift back into Paul's life. Joni, Paul, and Tony have always been best friends, but things begin to change when Joni begins dating a football player. And Tony's ultra-conservative parents squash his extracurricular activities. Paul makes a big mistake and Noah turns his back on him. How can he make things right again, how can Paul rekindle the magic they all shared? Inspired by Patty Griffin's song \\"Tony\\", \\"Boy Meets Boy\\" is an extravagant love story that reconfigures the entire world to one filled with hope, love, cosmic fabulousness, and music. This book is a celebration of love that should not be missed.	2004-01-09
Toasted wry	In this slim volume of outrageously humorous essays, Nickerson offers his life up in all its queer glory. From eating bananas on an airplane to how exactly to clean one's dildos to other uses for a baby's changing table, he makes us laugh with his zany tales and keeps us anticipating his next comic feat. Easily compared to Michael Thomas Ford and Kirk Read, Billeh Nickerson is a fresh wry voice giving life a tweak.	2004-01-07
Love sucks, sometimes	Nomi is a Jewish butch whose lover leaves her for a man, despite the love they share. She crashes at a friend's place as she tries to figure out her next move, but her mother finds her nonetheless. Her mother is getting remarried and Nomi has to go home to Toronto. In the dead of winter. She reconnects with her cousin Henry, who's recovering from being gay-bashed. Henry discovers that he has developed AIDS, and his partner Roger tolerates, barely, Henry's continued involvement with Albert and his conspiracy theories about the American government trying to kill him. Albert has alarming proof about the origin of AIDS, which he claims the American government created, and he's looking for someone to write the article. Nomi also reconnects with Julie, the woman who got away, but this time the sparks fly and become a brilliant blaze. Meanwhile, Roger and Henry go through their own hard times. Full of humor and heartache, \\"Love Ruins Everything\\" is a delightful romance that will charm every reader.	2004-01-06
A dark journey of self-discovery	Fresh from high school, Will begins an evolution that bewilders those around him. His girlfriend breaks up with him and he moves out of his parents' house into Aidan's apartment. After discovering that Aidan is gay, Will comes to understand himself better, and the two stumble into a relationship. When one of Will's lifelong friends dies, he's heartbroken, and then the clues seem to indicate that the death was murder. With the help of Killian Kendall (from Aterovis's first book), Will investigates his friend's death, and soon finds death surrounding him. \\"Reap the Whirlwind\\" is a great coming-out and coming-of-age tale in all its flaming glory. The book tackles family rejection and atonement, and balances them with a heartfelt love story as the novel plunges into the dark abyss of attempted suicide and personal tragedies. Josh Aterovis limns in vivid detail the upheavals of coming out, as well as delighting audiences with an engrossing mystery.	2004-01-04
Retro (and subversive) entertainment	In this classic pulp reprint, three young women move from a small town to the hustle and bustle of Chicago, where they hope to fulfill their dreams. Pat is saving herself for marriage and develops a crush on a man in her office who seems so out of reach. Annice is studying poetry at college, at least until she can get married, but when she meets Alan, their relationship doesn't exactly progress as she hoped. Barby breathes easier now that she's away from home, but feels as though she will always be easy prey for men. When Barby begins a friendship with her boss Miss Gordon, she finds herself awakening to something for which she has no words. In her afterword, Lisa Walker posits \\"The Girls in 3-B\\" within the pulp genre of the 1950s and `60s and details the subversive ways Valerie Taylor undermined the genre by including independent women and wholesome lesbian characters. This book is a shining example of early feminist works that shows the complexities of women's lives in the 1950s, as well as expressing the often-overlooked vibrancy of women's novels.	2004-01-02
Journey into imagination	This eagerly awaited follow-up to \\"Exile and the Heart\\" is a collection of short stories exploring lesbian desire, sex, and love. The first half is populated with sensual erotica, ranging from love stories to kink. In the second half, Kobayashi adds elements of fantasy to her tales, merging the mythic with the erotic. \\"Quixotic Erotic\\" is a glorious example of reader seduction. Kobayashi is a marvelous storyteller and this collection just whets whatever appetites the readers bring. I hope it won't be so long before she gives us more.	2003-12-30
Madcap adventure	Marc is an accident-prone, middle-aged opera fan living a life of leisure, until his young, frisky friend Paul drags him into solving the supposed murder of an upcoming opera star. Having no experience sleuthing, the duo stumble through the clues, lose evidence along the way, and generally make a nuisance of themselves as they get closer to solving this riddle. Marc encounters a man called Reg and the sparks fly, but is Reg one of the suspects, working undercover, or has Marc finally found the man of his dreams? \\"One Dead Diva\\" is a lively mystery set in Australia with secret identities, bumbling would-be detectives, and a whirlwind of outrageous characters.	2003-12-29
Into the dark	Wounded in World War 2, Steven returns to his family's English estate after the death of his father. He finds his older brother Christian succumbing to the obsession for the nearby forest that destroyed their father. The forest holds many mysteries, Steven soon learns, and the beings that live there, called mythagos, have magical origins. Christian and their father fought over the forest girl Guiwenneth until both their father's and the girl's deaths. Christian wanders into the forest to find her again, certain that she will be recreated. She does return in her primitive form, and falls in love with Steven. They share a fine time together, learning from each other and loving, until Christian returns from the forest as a mythic warrior. He takes Guiwenneth back into the forest, and is pursued by Steven, who finds himself becoming part of a new mythology whose ending is anticipated but unwritten. \\"Mythago Wood\\" is a mythic dark fantasy that entrances readers to discover the mysteries of the relatively unexplored forest with the two brothers. Holdstock weaves a fascinating and dense narrative, leaving some things unexplained and lingering.	2003-12-28
A brisk ride	Brash and prone to carousing, Drewcila Qwah is one of the best salvagers in the universe, and with her mate (and sometimes lover) Van Gar, she's been having a great time for the past five years. They are hired to ferry a long-lost queen home to rendezvous with the King of Barious. Enemies of Barious kidnapped the queen years ago, and they brainwashed her, so she has no memories of anything except for the past few years. When they reach the rendezvous, Drew finds herself enmeshed deeper in this whole drama than she ever wanted, or thought possible, but her unscrupulous instincts surface and she's determined to make it all to her advantage. This rough and rollicking space adventure is a wild ride full of zany characters and wacky incidents. Rosen tells a good story, but unfortunately there are so many grammatical and editorial errors that plague this book, so some readers may be deterred from \\"Queen of Denial\\".	2003-12-21
A dark, rollercoaster romance	When Chad slips from a balcony at a party, he finds out just how much worse his life can become, especially as his manipulative brother Martin convinces everyone it's a suicide attempt. He's confined at the hospital, pending evaluation, and meets the young and attractive Jonathan. Sparks fly between the two, and Chad has reason to hope, but just what is Jonathan's connection to recent deaths at the hospital? And is Jonathan's story of how his parents died the truth? After the two young men are released from the hospital, they continue their romance, but Chad still has questions, although his life spirals even further out of his grasp before he can figure out who Jonathan really is. Martin is stalking Chad, their estranged mother is dying, Chad really needs to find a job, and danger is lurking just around the corner. \\"The Concrete Sky\\" is a high velocity romance with a bodycount that grabs the reader and doesn't let go until the final pages. The plot does stretch believability and everything isn't explained to a reader's satisfaction, but overall the novel thrills and entertains. It reminded me a bit of such works as \\"Brain and Body\\" by Richard Frost, \\"Through It Came Bright Colors\\" by Trebor Healey, and \\"Prozac Highway\\" by Persimmon Blackbridge, but with a much happier ending.	2003-12-17
A seductive journey	From Scotland comes this dark, seductive tale of a man caught by a mystery. Rilke works for an auction house and is called in to take care of a recently deceased man's belongings. He's instructed by the man's sister to privately dispose of what's in the attic. His curiosity is piqued, and he's shocked at what he finds: an extensive erotic library, and a cache of disturbing photos of what appears to be the murder of a young woman. He stumbles about trying to figure out what to do, and slips further into the fringes of a dangerous world through his acquaintances. Meeting pornographers and traffickers and others in the skin trade, Rilke continues his own lonely existence and pines for the alluring young man he meets along the way. Unfortunately, he has also slipped into a web of deceit that might just threaten his life and those he's encountered. \\"The Cutting Room\\" is told with a compelling voice and gives a remarkable portrait of life of Glasgow. I never got a clear idea of why Rilke felt drawn to find about the pictures, and the twist at the end is rather bewildering, but overall I enjoyed this novel.	2003-12-13
To reach, to grasp	In such a tiny volume, Rev Dr Youngdahl elicits the spiritual glory that surrounds us in every moment and interaction of daily living. This series of potent meditations come from her own life and the challenges she faced after coming out as a lesbian. Dr Youngdahl remains a Presbyterian minister, and this inspiring book celebrates the humbling power of the Holy, as well as reaches toward an encompassing, feminist vision of spirituality and justice. Even as a non-Christian, I found \\"Subversive Devotions\\" quite inspiring, especially when she addressed how to love in one's own fashion without listening to dominating viewpoints (from whatever direction). An amazing little book.	2003-12-12
Grand, epic historical fantasy	The land of Al-Rassan is ruled by King Almarik, whose advisor Ammar ibn Khairan is legendary as an assassin. When the King assigns Ammar a gruesome duty, he sets in motion a chain of events that culminate in his own death, thus leaving Al-Rassan weakened in the eyes of its enemies. In the north, in Valledo, the celebrated military leader Rodrigo Belmonte is exiled by his own king, and journeys to Ragosa, where he and Ammar end up in the service of the same king. Jehane left Al-Rassan due in part to the atrocities attributed to Ammar ibn Khairan, and brings her skills as a physician to Ragosa. The three form a strange alliance, coming from three different religions, and a strong bond of love develops, although only two of the three are available to this passion. Their relationship with each other is the backdrop to the grand political intrigues and rumblings of holy war that soon engulf Al-Rassan and the lands surrounding it. Inspired by medieval Spain, \\"The Lions of Al-Rassan\\" is a historical fantasy with an epic scope. The focus shifts towards the end from the triad to the land of Al-Rassan itself, which I found unsettling and distracting. The story might've been better expanded into two books or so, and thus would have better encompassed the themes Guy Gavriel Kay addresses here. Overall, the book is quite enjoyable.	2003-12-11
An outstanding resource	This amazing guide will help parents navigate the challenges of connecting with a GLBTQ child and becoming an integral and supportive part of that child's life. With chapters on school harassment, drug abuse, and depression, this book also addresses the negative and sometimes self-destructive behaviors of our youth, but gives hope and tools to help heal these wounds. \\"Always My Child\\" is especially notable for its chapters on transgender issues and multicultural issues that previous guides didn't include. I was also excited about the chapter on youth questioning their sexuality (straight and gay and in-between), and how parents can be supportive in that as well, because this isn't something many acknowledge. Jennings and Shapiro have created a marvelous resource that will help not only parents, but anyone interested in helping our youth, both queer and nongay, create positive lives.	2003-12-11
Sparse, potent, compelling	With a stark clarity, a little girl tells about her life growing up in the late 1960s and 1970s. They are poor and dark-skinned, except for her baby brother, whose skin tells a different story. Her older brother is lively and loves wearing their mother's heels, but he's shipped off to Vietnam. She chronicles her life and the world around her, about how everyone knows if you don't let someone do it to you, you'll never get married. And about how wanting to kiss your best friend and touch her doesn't mean anything, anything at all in this dark and collapsing world. \\"Autobiography of a Family Photo\\" is a spirited, poetic, and dark tale of hope in the strangling grasp of a world without love. It's about that hazy line between courage and obstinacy that few can delineate, and even fewer can balance. This novel is considered one of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels by the Publishing Triangle.	2003-12-11
Inspiring philosophical meditation	\\"There's no such thing as autobiography, there's only art and lies,\\" Winterson reports in this philosophical narrative which intertwines three lives. The surgeon Handel is running away from the mistake he made on the operating table. Self-named Picasso is a painter whose life has been constricted and nearly destroyed by her family, until her current escape. Sappho has wandered the ages following her poetry and reflecting on her loves and on how the world omits parts of her life. These stories, along with a fourth that is about a prostitute looking for her lover, cohere in Winterson's sparkling language and form a mosaic that explores art and love, living and sexuality, identity and consequences. \\"Art & Lies\\" defies the structure of storytelling and instead vividly illustrates the human condition. I didn't feel that the ending brought the narrative to any sort of completion, but overall I found the book inspiring on several levels.	2003-12-09
Jolly, quirky historical fiction	Frances Trollope, famous in the 1800s for her book attacking the United States, ostensibly wrote this as a biography of her equally famous friend Fanny Wright, the radical and feminist. The story of her friend meanders through the pathways of Mrs Trollope's own life and adventures, which often take center stage in this jolly and edging-toward-doddering narrative. In this story of two now-forgotten women, we experience the struggles of living in the 1800s and the burgeoning nation of America, and it is all rather delightful, but Edmund White includes more. Through the veil of historical fiction, White contemplates gender inequality, American politics and culture, racial distinctions, and religion, and allows the readers to draw parallels to modern day. \\"Fanny: A Fiction\\" is a conversational, quirky novel that may surprise some readers.	2003-12-04
A glorious telling	The ocean planet Shora is home to the Sharers, a purple humanoid race of women who reproduce by parthenogensis. As traders from the neighboring planet Valedon interact with the Sharers, the seawomen strive to better understand the Valans and travel to Valedon. Merwen and her lovesharer bring Spinel, a young man, back to Shora to exchange knowledge. All too soon, the armies of Valedon arrive on Shora to bring it under their rule, but how can a people who have no comprehension of war or rule submit to this harsh invasion? Merwen wages a peaceful communication with the Valans, but understanding is tenuous for both sides and this strange war escalates beyond the control of either party. Only through a blending of Valan and Sharer ways can this war be stopped before Shora is damaged irrevocably. \\"A Door into Ocean\\" is an expansive ecofeminist feast featuring two radically different cultures trying to find common ground. Not just a dialogue between men and women or between warmongers and peacemongers, this book is a fascinating vision of coexistence in a universe where differences carry more weight than similarities. Rich in philosophy and love, \\"A Door into Ocean\\" is a compelling novel beautifully rendered.	2003-12-04
Great action fantasy	Guin, the mysterious warrior with the leopard's head, leads his allies into the dangerous wilderness of Nospherus, away from the pursuing Mongauli armies. The twin orphans of Parros, Rinda and Remus, struggle to keep up, but are still young teens. Joined by the mercenary Istavan and the little Sem girl called Suni, they battle the beasts of Nospherus until their luck runs out and they are again captured by the Mongauls. Taken before General Amnelis, they soon learn of the Mongauls other mission: to take the Nospherus lands and eradicate all who stand in their way, including the Sem. How can this small band possibly stand against the Mongaul horde before them? With \\"Warrior in the Wilderness\\", the saga picks up speed and delivers an action-packed episode that ends with a cliffhanger. Kurimoto's simple storytelling style seems to make this more of a young adult fantasy, but the dark and fantastic world where the story takes place fascinates and lures the reader onward.	2003-11-25
Fun, but tepid	Spanning from the 1970s to the 1990s, \\"Goneaway Road\\" follows the lives and loves of a cast of characters who come from a small North Carolina town and who resettle in the stark world of New York City. Evangeline and Eric flit through a relationship, but drift apart for years, but eventually they find their way back to each other. But can they make it work? Her cousin Harry has a crush on Buck, but he's much older and already has his eyes on another. Following these four people through the various decades as they ebb and flow in their friendships, the novel strives to be like a Southern-flavored \\"Tales of the City\\", but the characters are never deepened enough. There are moments of playful storytelling here, but \\"Goneaway Road\\" meanders a lot and jumps from one point of view to another, and this weakens the narrative.	2003-11-20
A glorious story about the breadth of love	Bobbie took after her dad with her love of cars and music, and after he was taken away, she and her mother found the distance between them had grown. She falls in love with her high school literature teacher, Agatha Claraday, and when the two indulge their mutual attraction, the older woman cannot handle the strain. Bobbie drifts through some more tough times through the 1980s, and when she again encounters Agatha, the two both feel that fate has brought them together again. From this relationship, Bobbie draws strength and is able to confront her past. \\"Becoming Bobbie\\" is a wonderful coming-of-age story as well as a journey of self-discovery. With Stevens's skillful writing and compelling story voice, stale plot contrivances come alive and become fresh, drawing readers further. This is a novel that brings hope to its readers, hope for the future and for love and for the breadth of living.	2003-11-20
A great romantic manga	This manga trilogy contained in one volume chronicles relationships between humans and genetically engineered people called Unicorns. In the title story, Regg lost his great love Addy in a tragic avalanche on a distant planet, so when her replacement clone arrives on the research station, he is conflicted because this Addy does not have the memories of the woman he loved, and yet he still loves her. In \\"4/4 (Quatre-Quarts)\\", young Mori is flunking out of the ESP training program until he meets the mysterious Unicorn girl called Trill. He's drawn to her, but she affects his powers, making them erratic and dangerous. When Mori discovers the secret Trill's guardian is hiding, he finds himself at a crossroads that could destroy his relationship with Trill. \\"X + Y\\" takes place years after \\"4/4\\" and finds Mori much older and working as a scientist. He meets another Unicorn named Tacto, and is quickly attracted to the young man, but uncomfortable with the notion of same-sex relationships. As the two young men puzzle out their own relationship and find ways to work together as scientists, they also unravel Tacto's hidden history. \\"A, A\\" is a fantastic romance manga that explores some intriguing questions about love, gender, and sexuality.	2003-11-18
With teeth	I found Graham Joyce's writing simply gorgeous in its darkness and lush imagery. The story, however, felt unfocused. As I delved deeper into the novel, it seemed to become more and more prurient and distasteful, and all without a point. I did stop halfway through, so the final pages might have had something that tied it all together, but I just found that I didn't care about any of the characters. None were likeable, and the strange Tooth Fairy creature just didn't interest me enough to continue. I might pick up another of Joyce's books later though because his writing is magnificent.	2003-10-22
A great debut	The focus of Neill and his family is his younger brother's battle with cancer, so his own inner conflict about his sexual orientation is set aside. Accompanying his brother to the clinic, Neill meets another patient named Vince who draws Neill into a complicated and unsettling romance that he hides from his family. Neill falls deeper into Vince's dark and self-destructive life where he learns about courage, love, and truth, and ultimately finds the strength to tell his own truths to his family. Healey's poetic storytelling beautifully illuminates the romance, but stumbles elsewhere in the novel, creating an uneven path through the story. Overall this is a notable fiction debut from a writer whose burgeoning potential is only glimpsed here.	2003-10-22
Disappointing	I made it through the vapid introduction and most of the way through the first chapter before skipping around and skimming here and there. Skal's writing is rather boring, and by page 40, I still had no grasp on his meandering portrait of Halloween. He seemed to be trying to keep the short-attention span crowd entertained with his whimsically peppered history lessons, but unfortunately he leaves the rest of us behind. How disappointing.	2003-10-22
A stellar first book	In this spellbinding debut, Khaled Hosseini tells a story of Afghanistan's modern history through the tale of Amir, who grew up in Kabul. His best friend was Hassan, the son of the family servant and a member of a shunned ethnic minority. As the son of a prominent businessman, Amir lived a good life, and yet he was always competing for his father's attention and approval, sometimes competing against Hassan. One eventful night in 1975, Amir makes a pivotal decision, a decision that not only marks his path for years but also destroys their family unit. Eventually fleeing to America with his father, Amir thinks he's run far enough away from his past, until someone from his past resurfaces. \\"The Kite Runner\\" is about fathers and sons, about the power of redemption, about the shining hope of literature. This is a book whose lush scope is wider than the confines of its pages.	2003-10-10
A wonderful anthology	In this amazing collection, various first-hand stories and essays from people in the nebulous area between male and female make the case of deconstructing gender. Including sections from Nestle and Wilchins, who have both already contributed much to the gender discussion already, the book lets those who live in between male and female have a voice. Ranging the length of queer gender from intersexuals to transexuals to femmes, \\"GenderQueer\\" doesn't leave any gender stone unturned, and expands the gay and lesbian rights debate to include gender issues, which the editors feel are at the core of the argument and of the harassment of queers and perceived queers in the United States. I found myself inspired by many of these personal tales, and I found myself reflected there as well. The final essay by Wilchins is especially moving and is the luscious cherry on the delicacies here.	2003-10-09
Refreshing familiarity	Expanded from an earlier chapbook, Please Dont Kill the Freshman is an invigorating memoir chronicling Zoes first two years in high school, including the publication of the previous chapbook and its subsequent popularity. Bouncing between brutal honesty and passionate embellishing, Zoe tells of her various friends, of falling in love with her gay best friends, of falling in love with boys and girls and what it means, of being outspoken in a world that values not peeking behind the curtain. The book seems staccato, but its actually infused with immediacy in a way that is entirely original and equally derivative. This memoir harbors many contradictions, and yet it never becomes stale or uninteresting, but rather it reflects humanity as a whole in all its refreshing familiarity. Please Dont Kill the Freshman is not a book easily forgotten.	2003-09-30
Big fun	Randy \\"Ryo\\" Maclean is new to the New York Police Department and is partnered with the black sheep of the department, Dee Laytner. Their first mission together is to protect a young kid called Bikky whose father was murdered. When Bikky and Dee are kidnapped, it falls to Ryo to find them. Ryo is developing a crush on Dee, but he's getting mixed signals. So is Dee gay or just harmlessly flirting? Later, Carol, another street punk and a friend of Bikky, comes under the protection of the two policemen and causes more confusion in their tentative relationship. Or is it all in Ryo's imagination? This popular Japanese manga, finally available in America, is loaded with adventure, romance, and humor.	2003-09-30
Paleoanthropological sci fi	On an Earth much like our own, Neanderthals evolved and became the dominant species, while humans became extinct. Ponter Boddit, a Neanderthal physicist, is working on a quantum-computing experiment with his partner Adikor Huld when they accidentally create a rift that pulls Ponter through to our Earth. Finding himself a true stranger in a strange land, he is befriended by the scientists who rescue him and slowly begins to learn about our human civilization. Meanwhile, Adikor is stunned at the loss of his partner and is shocked to find himself accused of murdering Ponter, even though a body is nowhere to be found. If he can only get through the trial, he might be able to replicate the experiment and find out what happened to Ponter. \\"Hominids\\" is the first book in the Neanderthal Parallax trilogy, and is full of intriguing ideas about Neanderthal culture, like the separation of the sexes and the apparent bisexuality of most of the citizens. The book is more about humanity than anything, and has a fascinating array of characters, each of which is fully fleshed. This is an excellent story that gives readers much to ponder.	2003-09-29
Old and young	Will Beckwith is a young Brit of privilege who leads a life of leisure and sexual escapades, whether he has a boyfriend or not. He befriends the elderly Lord Nantwich who pressures him to co-write his memoirs, but the young man has many hesitations, and as he reads Nantwich's journals, he finds himself equally fascinated and alarmed at the connections he sees with his own life. In his youth, Nantwich was much like Will and he met a bevy of notable queers, including E. M. Forster and Ronald Firbank. \\"The Swimming-pool Library\\" is #34 of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels for its exploration of gay camaraderie, history, sexuality, and literature, as well as for its interactions between the younger gay culture and the older gay culture mostly cast aside and ignored. The novel ends as a kind of elegy that shimmers with surprises.	2003-09-24
Pearl	In this mosaic of stories, Lillian comes of age and matures beyond her years, almost against her will. With an alcoholic father and a fragile, flighty mother, Lillian, with her siblings, struggles with her troubled family, and yet they all fiercely love each other, flaws and all. While this isn't a conscious feeling, it does crackle beneath the surface and colors the actions of everyone. Lillian navigates a lonely path encompassing sexuality and a yearning to be free. With a crisp voice and a vivid portrait of Acorn Lake, Minnesota, \\"A Brief History of the Flood\\" waxes almost nostalgic as it nudges the reader through these various tales that deliver a surprising portrait of a family unbalanced.	2003-09-24
An inventive thriller	In this third book in the series, Ukiah Oregon is still reeling from his discovery about his alien origins and from his son's creation, and he finds himself put to the test when he becomes involved in searching for some missing children. His reputation as the Wolf Boy continues to make his life and his detective partner Max's life a challenge, and a government agent is suspicious about their connection to a strange cult. Luckily Ukiah's lesbian caretakers also take care of his son, so he can focus on his job. Before Ukiah can investigate this connection himself, his son is abducted and his hunting powers are put to the test. Joined by his girlfriend Indigo and his Pack brothers, Ukiah and Max try to elude the mysterious government agent and find Ukiah's son before it's too late. Although it's rather heavy with plot elements, &quot;Bitter Waters&quot; is a captivating thriller with a variegated cast and starring one of the more intriguing characters in fiction.	2003-09-24
To touch magic	Told by her uncle Rawiri, \\"The Whale Rider\\" tells the story of Kahu, a young girl in New Zealand struggling to find her place in her family and community. She craves the love of her great-grandfather, but he's entirely focused on the future of their tribe who don't have an elder male heir to inherit the chief's title. There's only Kahu, and her great-grandfather doesn't see the use of a girl. Kahu is strong and determined, and her destiny as the fabled whale rider is secure due to her ability to communicate with whales, but only if her tribe notice in time. This is a beautiful story about the struggles with tradition, about magic versus reality, about the status of our modern world with its racism and sad ecology.	2003-09-24
A fun romp	Ander works as a musician in a brothel, but when he meets the young lovers Nicolai and Sorel, he is drawn to them in more ways than one. Rescued from his dull life, Ander is brought back to their home, but not before discovering that the young lovers are also wielders of magic, a magic that has its origins in sex. The powerful mage Thane welcomes Ander to their community and enlists him in their fight against the evil zamindar and his sorcerers. Still grieving for a lost love, Thane tries to train Ander and help the young man achieve his destiny, but the mutual attraction between them clouds their decisions which might prove deadly as the zamindar's army closes in on their community. Equal parts lively fantasy and erotic romp, \\"Apprenticed to Pleasure\\" is a great beginning to a trilogy that explores the magic of sex.	2003-09-24
Blatantly disjointed	With the sudden death of their father, four siblings return to their hometown from which each fled at various times, for various reasons. The husband of one of the sisters uses his skills as a therapist to talk with each sibling about their lives, past pain, love, and religion in the days before the funeral. The three daughters and the one son each tell the therapist about their relationship with their father, as well as deep secrets that no one else in the family knows (prostitution, drug abuse, incest). The son also admits to his great love affair with another man. With clunky dialogue and stale caricatures, \\"Discreetly Dysfunctional\\" preaches about how talking about painful episodes relieves one's emotional and spiritual burden. The novel ends in a stereotypical clich of happily-ever-after for each person, thereby weakening the point of the story with its rose-colored ending.	2003-09-16
A gorgeous tale full of humor and heartache	For her entire life, Jackal Segura has been trained to be Ko Corporation's Hope, those children chosen to be the leaders of a new world order. Two months before the ceremony that will begin her work with the global government, she learns that her status as a Hope is a lie. Forced to continue this lie, Jackal hides the truth as best she can, but a tragic catastrophe destroys her world and her identity as a Hope. She's manipulated into participating in a rehabilitation experiment where she's imprisoned in a virtual reality cell in her mind. Nearly driven insane by loneliness and her own demons, Jackal finds that her training as a Hope helps her through the ordeal. When she is finally brought back into the real world, she is a new person in a new land, and she doesn't know who she will be anymore. Jackal's journey to a new understanding of herself and to a reconnection to love begins in a place called Solitaire, where those once imprisoned in virtual reality prisons congregate. \\"Solitaire\\" is an astonishing first novel whose soul and breadth will delight and affect readers long after the final pages.	2003-09-15
Searching for	Alice Walker's famous epistolary novel, and winner of the Pulitzer Prize, is a pulsating song of love. Celie is poor, black, and a woman in a time when any one of these would be enough to shatter one's spirit. Her children, born from incest, are taken from her, and later she's married off to a harsh man. She loses her beloved sister, and shuts herself down from life. Years go by and it's her husband's mistress Shug Avery who injects the fire of life into Celie, awakening her to the beauty of the world and of love, and ultimately leading her back to her lost sister. \\"The Color Purple\\" is an inspirational meditation on the nature of God, the mysteries of love, and the range of human frailties. The book is also #41 of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels.	2003-09-12
Boundaries	Poet and teacher Jeff Mann shares his influences and memories in this collection of essays. Through travel to places such as Scotland and Key West, he connects the foreign to the personal and ruminates on family legacy, gay life and literature, and the trials of being a leather bear. Mann is an accomplished writer, and these essays are well written, but certain points are repeated over and over, creating tedium for the reader. And unfortunately, he doesn't elaborate much, so by the end of the book, the reader is not left with a clear picture of the whole man he has become, but rather is only briefly acquainted with the plethora of identity aspects Mann claims. Despite this, there is still much to enjoy here.	2003-09-11
The ultimate Survivor	Also published as \\"Ten Little Indians\\", Agatha Christie's classic mystery is still one of my favorites. Ten people come to a remote island, all vaguely invited under false pretenses. With their hosts nowhere to be seen, they have a quiet dinner until a disembodied voice accuses each of them of murder. Of course, everyone claims innocence, but when the guests begin to die one by one, the accusations seem to have some merit. And they can only conclude that there is a true murderer in their midst. This mystery is a fantasy about the art of crime, and is one of Christie's more famous ones. It may not be her best book, but it is quite a delightful tale.	2003-09-09
Tangled in magic	Young Will Shakespeare finds his wife and daughter missing, and soon learns they've been taken by the elf king Sylvanus. The elf prince Quicksilver (who can switch between male and female forms) wants to use Will as a pawn to reclaim his throne and avenge the murder of his parents. When he begins to fall in love with the mortal, he finds himself at a crossroads that might change the lives of everyone, both mortal and magical. Imagining Shakespeare's inspirations for his famous plays, Sarah Hoyt delights readers with this tale of intrigue, fairies, vengeance, and love. While the overly ornate language is sometimes distracting, I do think the book as a whole is quite enjoyable.	2003-09-08
Insightful	A provocative and fascinating study, \\"The Rise of the Creative Class\\" is a dense book about the growing role of creativity in American economy. Florida describes what he terms this new Creative Class, as well as from where it emerged. This Creative Class celebrates diversity and embraces it, and gay communities are the metaphorical canaries in the coal mine because a thriving gay community is an indication of how welcoming a city is to diversity (whether sexual, racial, or national). Equal parts storytelling and academic research study, this book generates much thought and discussion, and challenges readers to create a better world.	2003-09-08
Into the dark	In this slim volume, William Styron documents his descent into near-suicidal depression and his eventual recovery to something near normalcy. He eloquently describes his condition, and discusses some things about depression and how it's sometimes different for each individual. By telling of his journey, he offers a sense of hope through the depths of depression. I do wish this book were longer, if only to hear more about his battle and to see more clearly the path he walked.	2003-09-07
A marvelous collection	Bringing together two previous books, \\"An Asian Minor\\" (1981) and \\"Slashed to Ribbons in Defense of Love\\" (1983), \\"The New York Years\\" is a marvelous collection of stories not only showcasing Picano's deft style, but also gay lives in the late 1970s and early 1980s. \\"A Stroke\\" is about a gay man and his family as they deal with their ailing father. \\"Hunter\\" is a potent and erotic story about a young writer dealing with the ghost of a writer he admired. \\"And Baby Makes Three\\" explores the love in a gay male couple whose age difference could make or break their future. And his remarkable \\"An Asian Minor\\" is a retelling of the Ganymede myth as he meets and romances Hermes, Apollo, and finally Zeus. The dozen tales in this slim volume still resonate truth decades later.	2003-08-26
Big fun	\\"Peculiar Passions\\" is a lively and bawdy romp set during the late 1600s. Elizabeth's mother has died and her prospects are dim because of her father's debts. She gives nightly ministrations in her bed to her maid, and doesn't look forward to marriage. Jack (born Jacqueline) has been dressed as a boy since a young age, and with a wooden phallus completing her disguise, none of the women she beds knows the difference, and in fact, her reputation as a lover spreads and she finds women lining up at her door. Each was given a special locket by her mother, and these lockets want to be joined back together, and events slowly progress to this rendezvous. Jack eventually ends up on a pirate vessel, where her talents as a lover are again in demand. Elizabeth enters into a marriage of convenience and her path leads her to the same pirate ship and to Jack. They find that the two lockets form a single map to the maligned Mermaid Island, but what will they find when they arrive? Full of romance, adventure, and lots of sex (mostly between women), \\"Peculiar Passions\\" is a great delight.	2003-08-24
A rollicking adventure at sea	This first book in the series featuring Captain Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin is a thrilling and fast-paced adventure set in the early 1800s. Aubrey is given his first command, a slow brig called \\"Sophie\\" which is unlikely to help him advance in the British navy. With the help of his friend Maturin and the crew of the \\"Sophie\\", Aubrey engages in one battle after another, slowly gaining a reputation and the wrath of the French and Spanish fleets. Now if Aubrey's luck can only hold out as he and his crew are hunted by the best in the Spanish fleet. \\"Master and Commander\\" vividly displays life at sea: the food and weather, the floggings for drunkenness, the severe punishments for sodomy, the great excitement of battle. I fully expected to be daunted by the technical aspects of navy ships, but Patrick O'Brian's masterful storytelling kept me wrapped in the jaunty tale to the end. I am surprised at how much I enjoyed this novel because it's so unlike what I usually read.	2003-08-23
An intriguing collection of essays	In this series of essays, Colm Tibn explores the lives of nine artists whose homosexuality greatly influenced their art, and whose art greatly influenced their lives. He writes about Oscar Wilde, Thomas Mann, Thom Gunn, Pedro Almodvar, James Baldwin, Roger Casement, Elizabeth Bishop, Mark Doty, and Francis Bacon (with a final essay about Catholic Ireland and how it is changing, with references to Michel Mac Liammir and Cathal  Searchaigh). Tibn writes about not only their lives and art, but also the challenge and limitation of being labeled a \\"gay artist\\". These essays are fascinating and illuminating, and are a welcome addition to literary criticism, especially since it's a fellow writer bringing an interesting view to the canon.	2003-08-23
Hot hot hot	Breaking away from the pack of gay male erotica books, \\"Wired Hard 3\\" features a dozen steamy tales, all with fantasy and science fiction elements. The stories range from humorous to romantic to hot, and are by an assortment of writers new and established. Michael Barnette gives us a high-tech hustler in \\"Zoner\\", while David MacMillan offers up the fantastic \\"Always\\" about the power of love. \\"Hidden Desires\\" by Chris Jones is steamy and intriguing sci fi, as is Jason Fortenbraugh's \\"You Can't See Me\\". Jack Dickson, Gary Bowen, and Simon Sheppard all have stories included here, and all in all every author's contribution makes \\"Wired Hard 3\\" a rollicking great book that might require multiple readings.	2003-08-17
Lots of fun	Michael Bronski's enlightening anthology of mostly forgotten gay writings from the mid-twentieth century is a wonderful addition to any bookshelf. Alternating literary analysis with lively samples, he demolishes the notion of a dearth of gay literature from World War II to the 1969 Stonewall riot. All of the works excerpted here are out of print, and while some may not be to our modern readers' tastes, they are all evocative of gay men's lives at the times, for better or for worse. From insightful drama to hardcore erotica, these books did much to shape America's views of homosexuality, and \\"Pulp Friction\\" whets the appetite and showcases where today's gay literature can trace its roots. Also included is an appendix where Bronski lists a smattering of gay novels published from 1940 to 1969. This anthology is a great introduction to this genre of queer writings.	2003-08-15
Adventurous	Eliana is a young music student at a conservatory somewhat removed from the outside world ravaged by war and famine and dominated by a strict religious order called the Fedeli. When the Fedeli come to the conservatory and execute one of Eliana's friends for apostasy and another friend is taken by the Circle (the powerful mages who govern the land), Eliana learns of the true nature of the famine and decides to return home. Finding her past destroyed, Eliana discovers the old religious ways and ends up in a refugee camp where no one is allowed to leave. She is distracted by her attraction to another young woman in the camp, but she finds herself considered a leader as she helps organize the already-established rebel forces. Now she must overcome her own inexperience if she's to lead. \\"Fires of the Faithful\\" is an interesting fantasy focusing on a young woman coming of age in a war-torn land. There is a lot of religious discourse, as Eliana learns more about the old religious ways and compares it to the Fedeli ways, and it's rather parallel to the Christianity/paganism debate. This can be distracting for some readers, but it doesn't necessarily hinder the story's flow.	2003-08-14
Ludicrous and disappointing	There have been several books about and for the bear community of gay men, including Ron Suresha's \\"Bears on Bears\\" and Ray Kampf's \\"The Bear Handbook\\". Now we have \\"Bear Like Me\\" by Jonathan Cohen, which is about Peter who is fired from his job at \\"Phag\\" magazine. At a friend's suggestion, Peter decides to go undercover in the bear community to get material to write a book. So he sheds his stereotypical gay image for the stereotypical bear image, and eventually breaks up with his twink boyfriend. He plots revenge on \\"Phag\\" magazine and its staff, and navigates the bear dating world. He finds love, but will this new guy love Peter for who he is when it's revealed he once was not a bear? What sounds like a madcap adventure quickly becomes a tedious, inane, and self-conscious story that fails to entertain. The bear community deserves better.	2003-08-11
Disappointing	Cal Cunningham works in a bookstore in Manhattan and dreams of being a successful novelist. He discovers his roommate's manuscript and is stunned at how great it is, and when his roommate is killed in a traffic collision, Cal passes the book off as his own and is soon the hottest commodity in publishing. He marries and tries to settle into being the successful novelist he's supposed to be. His own guilt and a young woman named Lesley from his past begin to unravel the scheme. Lesley not only blackmails Cal, but she also seduces his wife. Cal is soon thinking of murder, but can he possibly pull that off too? The book is supposed to be satirical and suspenseful, but it comes off as pretentious and fatuous. None of the characters are worth knowing, and the ludicrous ending stretches this farce too far.	2003-08-10
A phenomenal story	In a farflung future, Euclid (whose real name is Lydian) responds on the computer bulletin board to a posting by someone named Proteus. In the ensuing conversation, Proteus admits to being unemployed, which is essentially unheard of and is cause for alarm. Yet Lydian is intrigued, and meets Proteus (whose real name is Merle), who soon confesses a secret. He can change his appearance at will, but he cannot remember what he originally looked like, or whether he was actually male. Merle shares this ability with Lydian, and the two begin a passionate love affair that crosses boundaries of gender and sexuality and that challenges the world in which they live. Yet the world isnt ready for change, and it finds ways to challenge them back, which causes Lydian and Merle to discover more about their world and the essence of love and existence than they originally intended. Exit to Reality is a vibrantly imaginative love story, as well as a terrific meditation on the battle between civilization and technology.	2003-08-09
Incendiary balm	With this collection of essays written variously during the past decade, Gore Vidal addresses the lies our American government has foisted upon us. Ranging in topic from the September 11th tragedy to the current activities in Afghanistan and Iraq, these essays cut to the chase and inspire readers to wake up and pay attention. Vidal briefly traces our history since our country's beginning to elaborate the pattern our imperial government has followed, and to show how we got where we are today, with Corporate America at the helm of our United States of Amnesia. This collection is incendiary, but in a good way. Vidal is reporting information not heard in daily news and challenges readers to find out for themselves what's really going on. If only &quot;Dreaming War&quot; were required reading for everyone, then maybe intelligent discourse might actually occur.	2003-08-02
Faith and fantasy	Angels have appeared on the cybernet, heralding a return to traditional religious beliefs across America. After Deidre McMannuss partner assassinated the Pope, her LINK to the cybernet was severed and she was booted off the police force. There were hundreds of witnesses, so his guilt was never in question, but what if he wasnt actually guilty? When a mysterious man named Michael appears on Deidres doorstep, shes tempted by his offer of a new LINK, but is hesitant about what he wants in return: her help in discrediting the cybernet angels and the Presidential candidate who says hes the Second Coming. Plus, her judgment is clouded by her growing attraction to him. Soon Deidres life is fraught with danger as she finds evidence about her partners innocence and about the reality of angels on Earth and the cybernet. With the help of old friends, including Rebeckah, the leader of an underground Jewish army who is also a lesbian, she just might have a chance to come out of this conspiracy alive. Archangel Protocol is a great sci fi adventure with some intriguing commentary about having faith.	2003-07-31
Potential, derailed	From Dennis Cooper's \\"Little House on the Bowery\\" series comes this first novel from Travis Jeppesen. Loosely chronicling the last days of a religious cult called the Overcomers, the novel is composed of fragments of the stories of Tanya, who joins the cult as a pregnant teenager, and of Herbert, her son who leaves the cult before its end. Various other characters appear, including two of Herbert's friends and the man who fathered Herbert, as well as the cult leader Martin Jones. Jeppesen's stark style is quirky and noteworthy, but the story threads unravel as the novel progresses, and by the end, the surreal quality of the fragmentary episodes overtakes the book and dilutes whatever meaning readers are supposed to take from it. Despite my problems with this book, Travis Jeppesen is definitely an author with a future.	2003-07-29
Using one's talents	Continuing from \\"Parable of the Sower\\", this book finds Lauren and her followers in Earthseed as they struggle to make their small community thrive in the time of chaos in what's left of the United States of America. Actually, this is all told through the eyes of Lauren's daughter Asha, who, through her mother's journals and teachings, tries to understand the mother she hardly knew. A religious zealot became President of the country, and Lauren's community was destroyed for its heathen views and all the children were placed with other families, so Asha grew up never knowing her mother. Asha weaves together her own story with that of Lauren's struggles to rebuild her Earthseed community, and she tells of how she finally met her birth mother with the unwitting assistance of Lauren's estranged gay brother. The first half of the book is a bleak report of the atrocities done by men to women and by zealous humans in the name of religious beliefs. It nearly overwhelms the story and detracts from what Butler is presenting, but eventually this improves and it becomes the compelling story that it ought to be, although overall it's not as potent as \\"Parable of the Sower\\". Like the first book (and books by Margaret Atwood, Sally Miller Gearhart, and Marge Piercy), Butler expresses a fascinating feminist view of the political, social, and personal turmoil our country faces, and the potential path that could be taken.	2003-07-27
A great adventure begins	The Guin saga is a popular Japanese heroic fantasy that now finds its first English edition. Guin is a mysterious warrior who wakes up wearing a leopard mask affixed to his head and without any memories of his actual identity. Rinda and her twin brother Remus are the last survivors of Parros, and are fleeing the Mongauls. Guin saves the twins from the Mongauls once, but later the trio are captured and brought to the legendary and sadistic Black Count, who is determined to get the secrets of Parros from the twins at any cost. The Mongauls have many enemies, and when the keep is invaded, the three see their opportunity to escape, but the Black Count won't give up that easily. &quot;The Leopard Mask&quot; is great fun. There are a few consistency errors that are not too noticeable (I don't know whether it was from the translation or not), but the fact that my edition was missing about twenty pages towards the end of the book was quite noticeable. It doesn't seem like there was anything pivotal in those pages, but it was rather jarring.	2003-07-27
More dark thrills	Building on the success of the first volume, Michael Rowe has brought together some familiar and new authors for this anthology of horror fiction featuring gay men and two stories featuring lesbians. Poppy Z. Brite brings us a Gothic story of two gay men in a Louisiana bayou that is connected to some of her other works. In Michael Thomas Ford's \\"Night of the Werepuss\\", a woman finds that her vagina has literally grown teeth. The stories by Robert Boyczuk, Nalo Hopkinson, and C. Mark Umland tantalize readers, while those by David Coffey and Scott Treleaven are disturbingly erotic. The final story, \\"The Narrow World\\" by Gemma Files, can be compared to some of Clive Barker's work, but with a distinct twist. While I think this volume is not as potent as the first, \\"Queer Fear II\\" is a marvelous companion to it that will send readers off to locate more by these twenty-two authors. \\"Queer Fear II\\" won a Lambda Literary Award, and is a finalist for the Spectrum Awards, honoring the best in gay and lesbian fantasy and science fiction.	2003-07-24
Not as bad as I anticipated	To keep their seven-year relationship alive, Jeff and Lloyd have opened themselves up to seeing other people. Their love for each other has always sustained them, until Lloyd announces he feels no passion for Jeff anymore. The previous summer, Jeff all but fell in love with a young man named Eduardo, and he still laments losing him. Jeff's best friend Javitz is dying of AIDS, and wants to return to Provincetown for his last days. Alternating from 1995 to the previous summer and back again, \\"The Men from the Boys\\" charts the love lives of these men as they navigate their own definitions of love and family and friends. William Mann includes some sensible commentary about an aspect of gay men's culture, and creates a breezy story around these thoughts. I found myself not liking the main character, Jeff, because he was so obnoxious and narcissistic though, but I was curious enough about where Mann was going with the story to finish the novel.	2003-07-17
The dilution of American education	For over twenty years, publishers of textbooks in the United States have been whittling away at what is actually taught in schools. What began as well-intentioned modifications have become sometimes ludicrous and often inaccurate texts that bore students with blandness. In order to placate both the religious right and minority groups, textbook publishers have been censoring themselves and no one has really been noticing. Diane Ravitch's insightful critical analysis of this censorship is a breathtaking view of what is happening right now in America, even though it seems to be right out of George Orwell's \\"1984\\". Exploring how this began and the political climate that keeps it going, Ravitch passionately argues for change in this system because of the devastating effects it is causing in today's educational system by sanitizing information and actually hindering learning.	2003-07-12
Joan's crazy life	Chatting with an interviewer about her foibles and success, Joan Littler reminisces about the last twenty years of her life with her ailing mother, failed relationships with women, and madcap life. Joan got her sense of humor from her mother, and after a sort of dare from an ex-girlfriend, Joan tries her hand at stand-up comedy, which turns out to be but the first step to success and happiness and love. \\"The Comedienne\\" is a lively and often funny story of a woman struggling with loneliness and love. Val Lee has a sharp style that might be a challenge for some American readers, but is well worth the effort.	2003-07-09
Living	In concise language, Csikszentmihalyi expresses ways to find happiness by engaging actively in life. Through positive interactions with friends and family or through active leisure activities, he hints at the myriad ways we can achieve happiness in our daily lives. While he sometimes veers into platitudes to keep the book accessible, Csikszentmihalyi nonetheless creates an insightful and intelligent analysis for those who want to get more out of life. &quot;Finding Flow&quot; is a challenge to its readers to activate.	2003-07-07
In the arms of passion	During the summer of 1916, Vincent awakens to the breadth of love through two relationships that will greatly affect his young life. He meets Marcel Proust, the celebrated author, and they are drawn into an intense exchange. Arthur is a soldier on leave and is the son of Vincent's family servant, and he becomes Vincent's first lover. Vincent drifts between these two passionate men, and is forced into maturity by two shocking incidents. Told through journal entries and letters, \\"In the Absence of Men\\" is a voluptuous love story whose aroma will linger in the reader's senses long after the final pages.	2003-07-06
The darker side of Harry Potter	Taking place only a few months after \\"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire\\", this fifth book is darker and more oppressive than the others in the series. Harry and his friends know about Voldemort's return, but the rest of the wizard world seems to be determined to discredit Dumbledore and Harry and deny the return of the Dark Lord. There's yet another new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and she's very malicious in her attempts to exert the Ministry of Magic's influence at Hogwarts. There are almost too many plot threads weaving through the book and they nearly bog down the story (Ron on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Harry's first attempts at dating, the looming O.W.L. exams). A major character dies, and unlike in the previous book, the death isn't fully explained or properly grieved, leaving the readers bewildered. Even the dnouement pales in comparison to the previous books. Despite these issues, \\"Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix\\" is a great book as it gives us more of Harry, Ron, and Hermione as they mature, support each other, and learn to be wizards.	2003-06-28
A gorgeous book	For nearly forty years, a group of women have lived in a religious community in rural California. Some have come and gone, some have come and stayed, and almost all have been affected by the quiet and steady ways of living at Julian Pines Abbey. These interconnected stories show their diversity: nuns and battered wives, lesbians and straight women, women both celibate and sexually celebratory. \\"And Then They Were Nuns\\" is a witty and gloriously charming novel about these women, and a welcome invitation to a beautiful way of living in spiritual harmony with each other and the world.	2003-06-20
Exceptional fable	Siddhartha is a young Indian man who goes in search of life's answers, and finds them, but not in the form he anticipated. He encounters the Buddha, but is not content with the role of disciple, and so continues on his journey. He learns from everything and everyone: a beautiful courtesan, a merchant, a ferryman, the river. At last, toward the end of his life, he finds the peace for which he'd been searching. Blending Eastern and Western philosophy and spirituality, &quot;Siddhartha&quot; is a deceptively simple fable with a deafening resonance about spiritual exploration. This is a book to savor, to take one's time reading, to enjoy each nuance of phrase.	2003-06-17
The heat is on	Responding to the apparent lack of concern when a young black kid is murdered, report Lane Montgomery decides to write a little follow up article about him. Quickly she becomes entangled in the murder investigation as she finds that things just don't add up. As she follows the path, she keeps encountering Ann Alexander, her rival reporter. They still have feelings for each other and despite their professional roles as adversaries, they cannot deny their mutual desire. Both of the murder investigations they are investigating seem to have more in common than they initially thought, but who will scoop the big story first? \\"She Scoops to Conquer\\" is a fun and sexy romantic thriller in what is hoped is just the beginning of a new series.	2003-06-15
Returning to the island of butterflies	As a boy, Prabir Suresh lived on a remote island in Indonesia he named Teranesia with his parents and younger sister. His parents were researching a butterfly that had unique genetic mutations, so Prabir was left to his own devices much of the time. They thought they were remote enough to escape notice during the Indonesian civil war, so were not prepared when it reached them. With intense feelings of guilt and of protectiveness toward his sister, Prabir grows up in Canada, and hides all thoughts of Teranesia beneath the everyday rhythms of work and his routine with his boyfriend. When his sister joins a research team sent to investigate the growing number of new species in the remote islands of Indonesia, Prabir can't hold back his feelings of protectiveness and follows her alone. Joining with an independent scientist, he collects evidence of the strange new animals and plants, and faces down his darkest demons when he finally ends up on Teranesia, where it seems the mutation revolution began. Ending on a somewhat mystifying note, &quot;Teranesia&quot; nonetheless is a fascinating and compelling story of a young man journeying into the darkest reaches of himself, all wrapped inside a truly scientific science fiction novel. It's a massively ambitious novel and is largely successful at its aims.	2003-06-13
Life by the point of one's sword	Billed as a melodrama of manners, \\"Swordspoint\\" is a swirling tale of court intrigue, romance, and showy performances. Richard St Vier is a swordsman at the height of his prowess, hired by lords and ladies to fight duels for honor or for politics. He is the lover of a young and mysterious man called Alec, but he's unsure of where the relationship is heading. When Alec is kidnapped in an attempt to blackmail Richard into taking a job, the swordsman seeks revenge and becomes trapped in a maelstrom of machinations that could prove his undoing or even his death. Alec must make choices of his own, whether to reveal his true identity or not, which might be able to save his lover's life. This complex story is almost too heavy on intrigue because it becomes quite a challenge to remember it all, but it's buoyed by the romantic fantasy world Kushner has created. While I didn't entirely understand what made Alec and Richard stay together, I couldn't help but be caught up in the story to see where it all lead.	2003-06-12
Humanity at a crossroads	Continuing the fascinating ecofeminist and philosophical trilogy, \\"The Magister\\" takes place about a year after the first book, \\"The Kanshou\\". The remaining human population now finds itself as a species with the possibility of extinction as children across the world are dying, seemingly at will. Zude, one of the three magisters who oversee the global government and the peacekeeping Kanshou, finds herself at a point in human history where the next decision is pivotal. With her exlover Jez, she comes to the realization that maybe it is time to dismantle the Kanshou and the various government agencies, what with the threat of humanity's extermination, and of course, this is met with resistance. How can the two women convince the world that it's the right thing to do, when the world as they know it is out of control? Ultimately, a new ability called 'going shy' (not unlike teleportation) leads to a startling discovery and a new hope for our planet Little Blue, if only people can embrace it in time. Unlike \\"The Kanshou\\", Gearhart's focus here is mostly on Zude and Jez, through whom we envision a jarring, yet intriguing world. While still heavy with politics and philosophy, \\"The Magister\\" is also quite compelling as it challenges readers to see life in new ways. I can hardly wait to see where the third book, \\"The Steward\\", takes us!	2003-06-08
Fun and interesting	Athos is an out-of-the-way planet populated entirely by men. When a crisis threatens their reproductive methods, Dr Ethan Urquhart is chosen to bravely venture out into space, where he is sure to encounter that most mysterious alien species referred to as women. Leaving behind a fizzling relationship, Ethan thinks he's prepared for Kline Station, but he's soon faced with the contrary as not only is he drawn into an interplanetary conspiracy, but also he must forge an uneasy alliance with a woman called Commander Elli Quinn. With humor and some interesting social commentary, Lois McMaster Bujold has created a lively tale that doesn't necessarily have to be read along with her other books.	2003-05-29
A vision	In the not-very-distant future, America is disintegrating into widespread unemployment, crime, and violence. Lauren lives in an enclosed neighborhood where everyone looks out for each other, but racial divides are still factors. As a young black woman and an empath, Lauren knows her future is dim, but she has a vision of the future she calls Earthseed and is determined to make it a reality. When the trickle of thieves into their community flares into an invasion, Lauren witnesses the destruction of her world, her friends, her family, and barely escapes with her life. She encounters two other survivors and they set off to find a better part of the U.S. Butler's powerful vision of the future is starkly possible, and with compelling characters, she creates a stellar tale of believing in a better world for future generations even as we are mired in our current crises. The book is a powerful commentary on our culture and where it could be headed.	2003-05-28
Thunderously dazzling	Taking place a few months after the events of \\"Desert Autumn\\", this sizzling mystery finds theater director Claire Gray in the middle of another investigation where her astute observations prove more than useful. Recently transplanted from New York City to Palm Springs, California, Claire is excited about her upcoming play's debut at Desert Arts College. She contacts a local art collector through her gay best friend and arranges to borrow an ornate clock for the play's set. When she arrives to pick up the clock, she finds the elderly man murdered. Always up for a challenge, Claire is determined to help solve this mystery before her play's opening night. \\"Desert Winter\\" also features an appearance by Mark Manning, the star of Michael Craft's other mystery series. Craft delivers an absorbing thriller with many surprises, as well as with his deftly drawn characters, through which he explores the complexities of human relations. This is another example of the author's amazingly crafted novels and it proves yet again the he's one of the best in his field.	2003-05-25
A gorgeous exhalation	With eager breath, Ostriker's collection of poetry comes to life with much to convey. These sensuous poems weave a breath-taking tapestry about the feminine and the holy surrounding us in our lives, often hidden but just beneath the surface. Her knowledge of the Old Testament is clear here, and it more than enhances these poems. It gives them an added grace and strength. These poems are almost like a discussion with holy aspects of the universe, grappling toward a glorious knowing. The energy and imagery brought to mind Anita Diamant's &quot;The Red Tent&quot; and other feminist works, and &quot;The Volcano Sequence&quot; inspires just as strongly.	2003-05-25
Disappearances	Bringing back characters from his previous novels \\"Clara's Heart\\" and \\"Nightswimmer\\", Olshan's new novel centers on a group of people struggling to extricate themselves from the past. Will is stunned when the plane his friend Marie was supposed to be on crashes into the ocean, but when her name isn't listed as among the passengers, the fact of her boarding the plane comes into question. He reaches out to Clara, who helped him get through his brother's death years before. Will is eventually contacted by Marie's children, Peter (Will's ex-boyfriend) and Grace (who's dying of cancer), and the four adults soon come together to await news of Marie's whereabouts. Peter and Will still love each other after all these years, and they slowly reconfigure their new relationship. Each character is mired in the past, and there are numerous flashbacks exploring this, which all grow distracting and tedious as the novel progresses. The reader cannot help but care about these rambling people though, and is treated to a good story to find out how it all ends.	2003-05-24
The politics of suffering	In this insightful essay, Sontag springboards from an analysis of &quot;Three Guineas&quot; by Virginia Woolf into a discussion about the effects of photography and televised imagery on modern culture and ideas about war and violence. Weaving excerpts from works by Leonardo da Vinci, Plato, Wordsworth, and others, including her own previous work &quot;On Photography&quot;, she leads readers on a journey into our own psyches and ways of thinking and viewing the world, and pushes us to examine with conscious knowledge the usage of images. I was especially taken with the idea that it is entirely human to turn away from these pictures of suffering, which are often used as a form of entertainment in the modern world. Sontag rightfully doesn't offer answers or platitudes, but instead indicates a welcoming of our own humanity's foibles as a way to deal with the obligations of conscience and the limits of sympathy.	2003-05-21
Misadventures of a narcissistic manic	\\"Electroboy\\" is a fascinating account of a privileged life lived under the thrall of mental illness. Behrman's vast mania obscures his depression and disconnection with the world and permits him to function in a slew of occupations: filmmaker, art dealer, stripper at a gay bar, public relations agent. His mania also leads him on a hazardous journey through substance abuse in the grandest sense and through ultimately unsatisfying (bi-)sexual adventures. While it gives a compelling portrait of struggling with a mental illness, the book doesn't seem to have a point beyond being a document of Behrman's raging manic depression. It ends up being like a reality television show in book form: fascinating for some and tedious for others. Bringing to mind aspects of \\"American Psycho\\" and \\"Running with Scissors\\", \\"Electroboy\\" will mostly appeal to those with a fascination with mental illnesses.	2003-05-19
Tan-Tan the Robber Queen	On the Caribbean-colonized planet Toussaint, Tan-Tan is the daughter of a city mayor whose jealousy gets the better of him. Committing a terrible crime, he flees to Toussaint's dark sister New Half-Way Tree, and takes Tan-Tan with him. Tan-Tan and her father settle among the other criminals and aliens in a small settlement run by a bisexual warlord. When her father crosses the line too far in his abuse of her, Tan-Tan embraces the spirit and lore of the Robber Queen and fights back. Fleeing for her life, she lives among the aliens they call the douens, where she slowly heals and tries to find herself. As her past stalks her present, Tan-Tan is forced to choose whether to fully embrace the lore of the Robber Queen if she's to have a future of any sort. Taking the rhythms and patois of Caribbean literature and setting them in the realm of science fiction, Nalo Hopkinson has created an intriguing tale of a young woman healing her scars and finding inner strength. While this is not a new story, the details and storyweavings are, and those are the strong points of &quot;Midnight Robber&quot;. The circular storytelling was distracting for me, as were some of the meanderings into Tan-Tan's daily struggles to survive. What kept me going was not only the science fiction world Hopkinson created for this story, but also the idea that storytelling would set Tan-Tan free.	2003-05-15
A strange series of events	Adam is a young college student who has been chosen to assist the famous Doctor O'Keefe in his experiments off the coast of Portugal. En route, Adam meets the enigmatic Kali who warns him about the doctor. He's bewildered by this odd girl, and soon finds himself an unwitting pawn in a dangerous game. Adam has to figure things out for himself and place his loyalty wisely because of the sinister events in which he finds himself entangled. \\"The Arm of the Starfish\\" is a great thriller that gets especially compelling towards the end.	2003-05-15
Kick up yer heels	Covering every conceivable sex guide topic (and a few that don't usually come to mind), Alvear's book is a collection of outtakes from his advice column, \\"Hey, Woody\\". His style is sassy and full of wit, and also intelligent, especially in his advocating informative choices when it comes to safe sex and drug use, instead of the usual \\"Just Say No\\" approach which every ignores anyway. Alvear knows his audience and speaks clearly to them, and while I may not agree with every answer he gives, I found myself learning a thing or two nonetheless. \\"Men Are Pigs, but We Love Bacon\\" is a [book] with attitude.	2003-05-09
Succulent feast	The assorted poems in this collection by the Poet Laureate of the United States cover a variety of topics, mostly mundane, yet all like paeans to everyday life. Collins writes in what seems to be another language which is brighter, more evocative, more robust that regular speech. Every poem is a morsel to savor and ponder and exude. Each of the four sections holds its own and also expands the themes running through the collection, creating a majestic scope of living in the reader's mind. This is a stunning and inspiring collection of poetry that proves why Collins is the Poet Laureate.	2003-05-02
A marvelous book	Russ thinks he's the only gay kid at his high school, but soon he founds out he's wrong when he discovers one of the popular jocks is also gay. And when Russ outs himself to one of his best friends, he finds out she's a lesbian. Soon the three of them gather a few others together and begin to meet informally for mutual support. They decide to form a club that will meet at school to discuss issues and call themselves the Geography Club so no one else would possibly want to join. But then someone does... And how will the group deal with the harassment of a fellow student who's suspected of being gay? \\"Geography Club\\" is a superb novel with complex characters and situations about finding personal strength to stand up for what's right and about being true to oneself and to one's friends. Hartinger has created a captivating cast of people who enchant this young adult novel, and ultimately the book is a joy to read.	2003-04-30
Searching	Sandra Tate is a highly successful architect whose personal life is disjointed and slowly falling apart. After ending her long-term relationship and then recuperating from a serious health scare, she finds a clue in her deceased father's belongings as to her long-lost mother's whereabouts. Sandra buys a motorcycle and begins her journey to find her mother, and along the way she finds herself healing and finding a real love. After a rocky start, \\"Midas Touch\\" becomes a fun lesbian romance about a third of the way through, where the reader eagerly awaits the resolution of Sandra's journey. Frankie Jones delivers not only some hot sex, but a marvelous romance that charms and entertains.	2003-04-24
The maelstrom of writers	Famously reclusive cult writer Felix Sladkey is finalizing his latest novel, \\"A Whole New Religion\\". His typist Aaron receives various scraps of paper in the mail, which he then organizes into the proper book form, but slowly Aaron works himself into the Sladkey mythos and the novel itself. Sladkey's agent has his own secrets and is actually plotting Sladkey's downfall. When Sladkey shares his other writing (bad pornographic books written under an alias) with his favorite Russian bartender, the man is set on a path to his own destruction. Playfully skewering the literary industry, \\"Whole New Religion\\" is a zany tale of the maelstrom surrounding a famous author, and all those caught in it. Jakubovic's style is potently sparse and lends itself to vibrancy. This book would make a great movie, I think.	2003-04-23
Through	Winner of the Mrmol Prize, Trujillo's impressive debut tells the story of Marci Cruz in the late 1960s. She prays daily to become a boy because then she can win the girl of her dreams. And she also prays for God to make her alcoholic father go away. Some of the passages seem to gloss over what Marci has to deal with, but Trujillo's strength as a storyteller compels the reader forward because we want Marci to succeed. In some ways, she is all of us, where we might not fit into the world exactly, but we're trying to find out where we belong. Bringing to mind such books as Dorothy Allison's \\"Bastard out of Carolina\\", \\"What Night Brings\\" is a heartwarming tale of a young girl at odds with her world (her family, her Church) who is on a quest for wholeness.	2003-04-22
Through	Winner of the Mrmol Prize, Trujillo's impressive debut tells the story of Marci Cruz in the late 1960s. She prays daily to become a boy because then she can win the girl of her dreams. And she also prays for God to make her alcoholic father go away. Some of the passages seem to gloss over what Marci has to deal with, but Trujillo's strength as a storyteller compels the reader forward because we want Marci to succeed. In some ways, she is all of us, where we might not fit into the world exactly, but we're trying to find out where we belong. Bringing to mind such books as Dorothy Allison's \\"Bastard out of Carolina\\", \\"What Night Brings\\" is a heartwarming tale of a young girl at odds with her world (her family, her Church) who is on a quest for wholeness.	2003-04-22
"To speak of the unspeakable is the beginning of action."	Linking various accounts of torture and imprisonment from around the world with analyses of world culture, Kate Millett explores where cultural permission begins that allows these sorts of atrocities to occur. From Nazi Germany to South Africa, from South and Central America to Ireland, she shows how similar the experiences of those captured and tortured are throughout the world, and since this has all happened during the last century, it is all the more chilling, especially in the light of recent world events. With her compelling mixture of the personal with the political, Millett holds up a mirror to our American complicity in these crimes and challenges us to do something about it, if nothing else but to not be silent. Published almost a decade ago, \\"The Politics of Cruelty\\" is still timely and important because these sorts of occurrences have never ceased. They just are better hidden. Millett's ninety-year-old mother is quoted at the end in the acknowledgments as saying, \\"I am not sure I wanted to know this much before I died... but then, imagine what they knew.\\" Such a truth ought to not be overlooked.	2003-04-11
When stories collide	When the remains of a man's head and an elephant's body are found, police detectives Simpson and Delilah are called to investigate. It seems like a strange, yet straight-forward, homicide. Until Vighnesvara appears, and he's a version of the Hindu god Ganesh who appears with the body of a man and the head of an elephant. He, along with the suspected murderer who has a tendency to grow extra arms and some witnesses who testify in random languages, create havoc in the courtroom of Judge McEchern, who just wants to go back home. With the help of Simpson's boyfriend Sandip, maybe they all can figure out what's going on. &quot;Once upon an Elephant&quot; is a brilliant and whimsical retelling of Ganesh's creation from Hindu mythology. Flittering among the viewpoints of the characters, the story charms the reader, enlightening and delighting as it progresses.	2003-04-03
Earnest, yet flat	Damian Shtup is a hairdresser for mafia wives in New York City. When one of his clients drops dead in his salon and then his famous hair care products are tampered with, his world spins out of control. Joined by his sassy salon employees and the ... police detective, Damian attempts to figure out these events and look fabulous in the process. Earnest in his endeavor to merge John Waters with Myra Breckinridge (or somesuch), Steven Schreibman does achieve moments of campy humor, but overall the book feels too self-indulgent and flat to me. I wanted to believe \\"Blood in My Hairspray\\" as full of comic hilarity as the book jacket claims, but it just didn't happen. Instead the characters flit through a vapid story that's partially a mystery, but mostly it's just a showcase for various witticisms.	2003-04-01
A classic from 1931	June, a young divorcee, becomes friends with Mark, and through him she discovers the world of Harlem nightclubs, drag shows, and the shadowy world of homosexuals. Mark and June are rather alike in that they are both looking unsuccessfully for love. Being gay in the late 1920s is terribly difficult, and Mark struggles with self-hatred instilled in him by society. Even though it portrays society's many prejudices and negative expectations for gays at the time, and the standard-for-the-era tragic ending for the homosexual character, \\"Strange Brother\\" reaches for compassion, understanding, and acceptance. It does somewhat succeed through the character of June who realizes her commonalities with Mark, and chooses to embrace life fully, even after the death of the object of her own affection (not Mark, by the way). \\"Strange Brother\\" is a wonderful story giving readers a glimpse into the early days of moving towards acceptance of gays and lesbians.	2003-03-29
Fire on	The land of Shaftal was ruled by an earth witch, but with his death and no apparent heir, it was an easy target for the invading Sainnites. Those remaining Shaftali paladins have grouped together as a guerrilla army to do what they can against the mighty Sainnites. Zanja is the last survivor of a peaceful tribe eradicated by the Sainnites, and her fire witch powers give her glimpses into the future. Emil is a paladin and also a fire witch, but his powers make him more of an excellent judge of character, although working in tandem with Zanja brings luck. Karis is an earth witch whose powers are stifled by her drug addiction, but she can't help but be drawn inexplicably to Zanja. The two women find events moving beyond their understanding and between them, they might just be able to save Shaftal, if they can save themselves first. Peppered with political intrigue, powerful magic, and personal struggles, \\"Fire Logic\\" wants to be a potent story, but it just doesn't make it. The first eighty or so pages flit through fifteen years of story, and this disconnected feeling never disappears. The love stories (between Zanja and Karis, between Emil and a young man who's a Sainnite) are told to us, more than shown, so we never fall in love with the characters as they fall in love with each other. The complex characters and the fascinating magic-laden world kept me reading and interested, and for that the book is recommendable, but overall it lacks.	2003-03-22
A watery bowl of memories	Blending memoir, recipes, and fiction, John Weston revisits his childhood in Arizona during the Great Depression, where his mother worked hard to create splendid meals for her children. There are a lot of brilliantly written passages where Weston reminisces, letting his mind drift from memory to recipe, and these moments are captivating. The fictional stories interspersed throughout, however, abruptly confuse the reader. The ingredients seem to all want to mix together properly, and at moments they almost achieve their purpose, but ultimately, by the final pages, they flop. Weston flips through his life's memories and doesn't share enough with the readers for us to understand the course of his life. He mentions having children, and briefly references Jim, his companion of over thirty years, but the threads connecting his life after childhood are meagerly explored. I wanted to like the book more, but I was left bewildered and wishing for more from &quot;Dining at the Lineman's Shack&quot;.	2003-03-20
A quest	Continuing the series of books in the universe of the League of Peoples, &quot;Trapped&quot; centers on a group of friends living on a post-apocalyptic Earth, which is under the control of the temperamental Spark Lords. Phil and his fellow teachers at a third-rate private school find themselves involved in a quest to save one of their students from a powerful entity whose intentions are unknown, but it certainly can't be good, what with all the dead bodies in its wake. All is not what it seems with the Spark Lords, because they have knowledge of this entity but they won't share, but then, Phil and his friends aren't what they seem either. Gardner's vibrant style is here, but it comes out muted. And as the book progresses, the plot feels more and more contrived. I like how elements of sword-and-sorcery fantasy were blended with science fiction, and Gardner's sense of humor is always great, but overall &quot;Trapped&quot; isn't as great as his other books. Still worth reading, but just don't expect much.	2003-03-18
An early lesbian classic	Basis of the classic German film \\"Maedchen in Uniform\\", \\"The Child Manuela\\" chronicles the tragic life of the young girl Manuela. Her early life is almost idyllic, until the loss of her beloved mother. Manuela latches onto the mother of a boy who's courting her, and is devastated when she's sent off to boarding school by her father. Soon Manuela becomes enamored with one of the instructors, Frulein von Bernburg, and finds her true nature awakening. Playing the male part in a school play gives Manuela strength to declare her love for Frulein von Bernburg, but this brings about her downfall. The movie \\"Maedchen in Uniform\\" centers only on the events at the boarding school, and actually has a different ending. One of the earliest of the lesbian schoolgirl novels, \\"The Child Manuela\\" is one of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels, as selected by the Publishing Triangle.	2003-03-14
To be an intellectual in America	Newton Arvin was a distinguished literary critic, scholar, and college professor whose influence on the early days of American literary studies is still felt today. In 1960, as the age of McCarthy's witch-hunt mentality drew to a close, Arvin and his friends were targets of a police raid, where relatively mild homoerotic materials were seized. The men were arrested and accused of having a \\"smut ring\\", leading to their felony convictions, as well as the loss of their jobs and the shame of being revealed as homosexual in 1960. Werth's biography is not only about Arvin's personal and literary life, but is also about America at this time, the puritanical crusades it supported, but which proved their own undoing. Werth's writing is a bit dull during the first half, but as it progresses, and Werth explores Arvin's life in relation to his friends (including his once-lover Truman Capote) and to the world, it becomes a fascinating story of a man who fell from grace, but who didn't let it destroy him. Not only is this a compelling sliver of gay history, but it also showcases the lives of intellectuals in a country where intelligence is progessively devalued.	2003-03-12
Transcends genre	Left for dead by her kidnappers, Lore is found by the mysterious woman Spanner, who teaches her to survive by her wits and to live in the dark world of crime. The two become lovers, but Lore wants legitimacy and to heal from her various wounds (her past with her family, her weeks with the kidnappers), so she leaves, taking a new identity, and tries to fit in. Ultimately, Lore cannot run from her demons forever, and she must either choose to stay in the shadows or to face the truths of her past. Set in the not-so-distant future, &quot;Slow River&quot; weaves Lore's pasts and present together into an astonishingly compelling tale. At the heart of the book is the story of a young woman healing from abuse, and the science fiction aspects are simply the setting and enhancing details. &quot;Slow River&quot; is the type of book that transcends whatever genre in which it's placed: it's more than a science fiction story, more than a coming-of-age story, more than a lesbian love story, more than a story of healing from abuse. This is a book that makes one believe in the power of fiction.	2003-03-09
Exciting adventure	Jane is a freelance journalist in Vermont whose relationship with her girlfriend (using the term loosely) is coming to an end. She and her best friend Victoria both have a fierce love of horses, so when a horse Victoria considered buying is brutally murdered, Jane can't help but get involved in the investigation, especially since the police aren't doing anything. All too quickly, Jane is hurled into danger. The trail takes her to Montana, where she encounters a strong woman who helps her in more ways than one. Overall, the story and characters would've benefitted from more exposition. It seemed like I was being hurried through the book so Jane could get on with things, whereas I would have much rather lingered. &quot;Night Mare&quot; is an exciting adventure that leaves the reader begging for a sequel.	2003-03-05
Listen	Ellen has always tagged along with her brother Link and his best friend James. They've been inseparable for some time now, and Ellen can't help but be crazy about James. During her freshman year in high school, one of the other girls asks her if James and Link are a couple, and suddenly things begin to change: for Ellen, for Link, for James, for their families. Exploring the gray areas between gay and straight, \\"My Heartbeat\\" is an exceptional story aimed at a young adult audience, but certainly deserving a larger audience. Freymann-Weyr's writing is lush without being too flowery, sparse without telling too little. She tells us a lot through this tale, and \\"My Heartbeat\\" shines because of it.	2003-03-05
In dreams	Evan's family is captured by slavers and broken apart. A few years later, he's rescued by a religious group called the Children of Irfan when it's discovered he's one of the telepathic Silent. Taking the new name Kendi, he begins training on the planet Bellerophon, where a serial killer is killing women in the Dream, the non-physical place where the Silent congregate. When Kendi witnesses the killer at work, he can't help but be part of the investigation, especially while his teacher is one of the investigators. To make things even more complicated, Kendi finds himself attracted to his teacher's son. What if he's rejected once again? But then, what if he's not? As a prequel to Harper's first novel &quot;Dreamer&quot;, &quot;Nightmare&quot; fills in parts of Kendi's past. The mystery plot is unexceptional, and almost easily figured out, and the abrupt jumps through time nearly shatter the plot threads, but Harper's strong characterizations and engrossing sci fi world make this book hard to put down. I can hardly wait for the next novel about the Silent Empire, not only because of Kendi, but also for the intriguing social commentary at which Harper hints via the Dream.	2003-03-02
Stellar	Prior to his fourth year at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry, Harry attends the International Quidditch Cup with his friends. After the exciting match, Harry and his friends Ron and Hermione hear some rumors about events at their school for the coming year, but they have to wait until the start of school to find out specifics. Harry just wants to be a normal young wizard, but You-Know-Who and his followers are lurking on the horizon, and they bring danger to Harry in ways he never imagined. Building on her previous three novels, Rowling outshines herself in this fourth book. While it is darker and a bit more serious than the previous books, \\"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire\\" is also well-balanced and fiercely true to its audience. I continue to be amazed at Rowling's storytelling prowess. I could hardly put the book down (which I did have to do because it was too heavy) while reading.	2003-02-28
Kansas thriller	Colin and Justin flee New York City for the small Kansas town of Galatea (also known as Galatia), where Colin hopes to be able to write again. Soon the two are drawn into the racially-charged, secretive town's web as a young woman disappears. Every denizen of the town, whether from the poor black side of Galatia or the slightly more wealthy white side of Galatea, holds a secret or a sliver of one, and this immense pile of kindling nearly destroys the town. Sowing his novel's field with seeds of Southern literature, social commentary, and intriguing observations, Peck cultivates what he hopes is a lush and vibrant garden, but it doesn't reach fruition by the final pages. Too many story seeds and too many quirky elements (the constant unique names, for one), which all are invigorating at the beginning, soon become monotonous. I felt trapped by the story, held hostage, and while the story compelled me to the end, I didn't feel fulfilled by it. Several passages could have been edited out of the novel, and this might have created a tighter, brisker story. Overall, it's a fascinating mystery set in a small town, but the horizons it reaches for are not reached.	2003-02-19
Great writing, but..	Weaving the variegated stories of a cast of characters, \\"The Exquisite Corpse\\" is a surreal tale of loneliness that paints vivid episodes, but doesn't seem to give a sense of wholeness, of completion to its tapestry. It's a bit like the energetic style of William Burroughs, but without the cohesion (for lack of a better term) his books contain. Yes, \\"The Exquisite Corpse\\" is quite fascinating and compels the reader on, but by the final page, the reader watches as the story flits away without leaving any imprint in the reader's mind. The novel is #78 of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels.	2003-02-17
Tawdry	Josh flees from his home in Kentucky after the death of his brother Thomas from AIDS. He ends up in California, where he meets Rita, a much older woman and widow. The two begin an affair, and Rita finds the younger man invigorating, as well as reluctant to talk about his past. When one of Rita's friends manipulates Josh into having sex with her and then later accuses him of rape, it sets in motion a chain of events where the secrets Josh keeps about his exact relationship with Thomas are revealed, and no one's lives are unaffected. What begins as an intriguing tale about a man running from his past and memories becomes a tawdry soap opera story that stretches beyond the limits of what a reader can accept. The novel's structure, where the past and present alternate like pieces of a puzzle, helps at the beginning, but this works against the characters eventually (especially Josh) because there's not really a connection between the scenes for the most part, so it all becomes disjointed and monotonous. By the final pages, I just was happy it had finally ended.	2003-02-17
Tawdry	Josh flees from his home in Kentucky after the death of his brother Thomas from AIDS. He ends up in California, where he meets Rita, a much older woman and widow. The two begin an affair, and Rita finds the younger man invigorating, as well as reluctant to talk about his past. When one of Rita's friends manipulates Josh into having sex with her and then later accuses him of rape, it sets in motion a chain of events where the secrets Josh keeps about his exact relationship with Thomas are revealed, and no one's lives are unaffected. What begins as an intriguing tale about a man running from his past and memories becomes a tawdry soap opera story that stretches beyond the limits of what a reader can accept. The novel's structure, where the past and present alternate like pieces of a puzzle, helps at the beginning, but this works against the characters eventually (especially Josh) because there's not really a connection between the scenes for the most part, so it all becomes disjointed and monotonous. By the final pages, I just was happy it had finally ended.	2003-02-17
So much fun	Taking familiar fairy tales and dousing them in buckets of silliness, Scieszka and Smith have created a fun children's book that just gets wackier with each reading. So grab a copy and read about the Really Ugly Duckling, Chicken Licken, and of course the Stinky Cheese Man. And watch out for the Table Of Contents (quack quack, gobble gobble)!	2003-02-13
Excellent installment	In his third year at Hogwarts, Harry and his friends have even harder classes to master, as well as worrying about the escape of Sirius Black from the Azkaban prison. Black was convicted of killing thirteen people with one curse and is supposedly You-Know-Who's main henchman. And he's on his way to Hogwarts! Continuing her breathtaking storytelling, Rowling gives readers an exciting mystery, as well as loads of thrills with Harry, Ron, and Hermione as they take on not only the henchman who helped get Harry's parents killed, but also as they face off with the dreaded Professor Snape and the unlikeable Draco Malfoy.	2003-02-13
Threesome	With a successful business and a kind boyfriend, Janna has almost everything she wants, but she still feels that something's missing. She becomes friends with Alex and Philip, a young gay couple who soon end up living in her huge house. When she stumbles upon them having sex, she begins an awakening which changes the course of everyone's lives. Insightful and sensuous, \\"Trio Sonata\\" is a beautifully written novel that unfortunately has a glaring flaw. Most of the novel is told in the third person point of view, except in the several flashbacks into early experiences by Janna, Philip, and Alex, which are all told in the first person point of view. This creates confusion in the reader and almost derails a wonderful story. Sarkessian's deft writing keeps the reader going, and ultimately salvages the novel from a severely awkward structure.	2003-02-12
Oh love	Considered one of Colette's best novels, \\"Ch&eacute;ri\\" is the story of a love affair between a young man and an older woman. Fred, known affectionately as Ch&eacute;ri, has been the lover of L&eacute;a (a friend of his mother's) for a number of years. Ch&eacute;ri is a pampered and narcissistic young man and is more than willing to let L&eacute;a care for his every whim. Neither is willing to admit the depth of their feelings, but after Ch&eacute;ri marries a girl his age, the two find themselves awkwardly getting through their lives. Almost a year after their parting, the pair meet again and the only future possible becomes clear. \\"Ch&eacute;ri\\" eloquently shows the love between the pair, without shying away from the nuances of their reality (the differences in age, the tight and complex social circles). \\"Ch&eacute;ri\\" is #39 of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels.	2003-01-30
Glorious	Reading this book again after over three years, I am still astonished at its beauty, grace, and scope. Blending the stories of a day in each of the lives of three women, &quot;The Hours&quot; evokes how intertwined human lives are and how much impact each moment can have. The novel opens with Virginia Woolf's suicide in 1941, but then backtracks to the day she begins writing &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot;, which is the first of her great works. Another story is post-World War II where a woman is reading &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot; and is discovering her crisp life to be utterly constricting. The third story is a modern retelling of &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot;. By contrasting the deaths in the story with the minutiae of daily existence, Cunningham inspires the reader with the often-overlooked beauty that surrounds us. One cannot help but fall in love, as Cunningham has, with Virginia Woolf and her brilliant mind.	2003-01-30
Educational, marvelous, life-changing	By presenting how the brain works, these three psychiatrists expand our understanding of the ways human beings love, relate, and exist. They elaborate on how our human brains resonate with those with whom we are close, thereby ensuring our mental health and giving us positive feelings. Humans are not meant to be solitary. And by extrapolating these ideas, among others, into daily lives, the authors explain how relationships work biologically, how parenting affects a child's brain in early development, and how our modern society and culture is actually dangerous for our health. &quot;A General Theory of Love&quot; is an insightful, accessible look into the psychobiology of love. This is one of those books that will essentially change the way a reader perceives the world and humanity.	2003-01-23
Brother to brother	Reading this again four years after I first read it, I'm still amazed at the scope and impact of the story. \\"The Same Embrace\\" centers on Jacob, gay and Jewish, whose twin brother Jonathan has embraced Orthodox Judaism and now lives in Israel. While mostly about the struggle of the two brothers to reconnect after years apart, the book also deals with the legacy of the Holocaust, the impact of family secrets, and the essence of family. For me though, it is the story of the two brothers that resonates so clearly and brilliantly. And by having the brothers be so similar and yet so different, Lowenthal presents the reader with a fascinating portrait of what could almost be two halves of a whole: one man trying to bring together his sexuality and his religious beliefs. Even without this context in mind (whether it's intended or not), \\"The Same Embrace\\" is a marvelous, insightful, and ultimately joyous story that expands past the genre distinctions of Jewish fiction and gay literature to a wholly American novel of family.	2003-01-18
In flight	In August 1933, the famous aviatrix Grace O'Gorman recruits the inexperienced Willa Briggs to accompany her in breaking the world flight endurance record. While circling Toronto, the women must deal with fatigue, the weather, and the sabotaging efforts of Grace's husband. Meanwhile, on the ground, anti-Semitism erupts and affects some of those connected with the women. Unable to communicate with words in the sky, Grace and Willa find new ways of communicating that change their views of the world, and Willa, with this new awareness, finds her feelings for Grace becoming more complicated. &quot;Leaving Earth&quot; is a magical and adventurous story, based on some true events, about women challenging the often-stifling roles of the 1930s. The book glimmers and comes alive, showcasing Humphrey's lush style in her first novel.	2003-01-07
Impersonations of sane	Fern's relationship with her mother Nora has always been strained, ever since the messy divorce due to Nora's affairs with women. Nora has eventually settled down with Jeanne, but the tension between mother and daughter remains. Fern's best friend drops her baby into Fern's lap and slowly drifts from the picture, and Fern's most stable relationship is with her dog Lucky, but with the dog's health waning, this seems to be ending as well. And when Nora begins another affair, Fern is first to figure it out and leaps at the chance to judge her mother, but as events progress, she begins to realize her mother is human after all. And with Lucky dying, both mother and daughter come to better understandings about themselves and their relationship with each other. \\"Lucky in the Corner\\" is full of glorious complexities about us humans, and Anshaw has written this tale in a tidal mosaic, where episodes from the past and present interweave, blessing the reader with all aspects of these fascinating characters and leaving us with a sense of what family (especially those extended families of non-blood relatives) means.	2003-01-02
Human variety	In &quot;Normal&quot;, Bloom chronicles her journey into understanding female-to-male transsexuals, heterosexual male crossdressers, and the intersexed. Intersexuality is the more preferred term than hermaphroditism. Intersexed babies are those born with genitals that are not as easily identifiable as either male or female, so doctors and surgeons perform often unnecessary and traumatizing surgery to force the baby to conform to what society and the medical community believe the standards to be. Bloom ultimately finds that our notions of what is normal are very constrained, and are much more variegated than the general population believes. By getting beyond the medical and technical jargon and interviewing the people in these categories, she discovers that even in minority groups like these, there are differences between the individuals, so she must dispel her own expectationss about commonalities within minorities. &quot;Normal&quot; is a wonderful introduction into understanding the human varieties on the margins, as well as understanding what is normal.	2002-12-31
A [bad] life of her own	Set in Appalachia around the turn of the 20th century, \\"Gap Creek\\" is the story of Julie whose life is full of adversity and struggle, even after she marries Hank. Together they face each struggle with love and faith, and find their marriage strengthened. At least, that's the book Morgan apparently meant to write. Instead, \\"Gap Creek\\" is a monotonous, aggravating, tedious work that challenges the reader's tolerance. Julie and Hank have a relentlessly hard life, and their relationship is never fully developed. We're told they love each other, and yet it's never fully expressed for the readers. Morgan does have a gift with descriptions of the landscape and the daily grind of farm work, all of which are painstakingly portrayed in beautiful prose. Unfortunately this is drowned in a patchwork tale of unlikeable characters that just never seems to end. It's just one calamity after another, pummelling the readers into a daze. And Morgan overuses the word 'said' to an amazing degree, which makes one wonder whether his editor was paying any attention at all. As mentioned, there are moments of beauty in this book, but they are few and very far between.	2002-12-30
Dancing with Frida	After having read Kahlo's diary she kept in her final days, Maso became inspired by not only Kahlo's art, but by her vision of the world, and has created in &quot;Beauty Is Convulsive&quot; a marvelous series of prose poems. Incorporating aspects of Kahlo's life into meditations on suffering and pain as art, these poems weave a tapestry of Kahlo's artistic mind, which was deeply affected by her physical ailments that persisted throughout her life. This is not a biography, but rather a side dish for readers enthralled by Kahlo's (or Maso's, for that matter) powerful art. Reaching back to the styles used in her previous book &quot;Aureole&quot;, Carole Maso has written a fascinating, complex, and unique book celebrating a passionate artist.	2002-12-20
Heart-warming	After the death of his baby sister, David's parents struggle to maintain their marriage, and hire on a Jamaican housekeeper named Clara. As his parents separate and divorce, David befriends Clara and sees her as the one person he can count on, but even she isn't spared from his misbehavior. Clara is hiding a secret about the death of her own son back in Jamaica, and David is determined to find out what it is before he loses her from his life. \\"Clara's Heart\\" is a big-hearted story that has great moments of comedy that nearly get lost in the maelstrom of melodrama. Clara is the only likeable character, and it's rather bewildering why she stays with this family, even though she says she's staying to help David. \\"Clara's Heart\\" isn't a terrible book, but neither is it the greatest. It was made into a movie starring Whoopi Goldberg.	2002-12-19
A royal sci fi thriller	Twenty years ago, Explorer Edward York and his diplomat sister were stationed on the Mandasar homeworld of Troyen, trying to stop a civil war, but when his sister and the Mandasar queen are murderered, war does break out and Edward barely escapes with his life. Since then, Edward has been kept by the Fleet on an observation post orbiting Troyen. When a ship finally picks Edward up for the trip home, the entire crew are executed for crimes by the fabled League of Peoples, who govern the whole of outer space. Edward finds himself at the heart of a growing conspiracy which threatens his own life as well as the whole of the Mandasar people, and he feels he's in way over his head. Luckily Explorer Festina Ramos arrives, but there are also secrets that Edward is keeping, so maybe getting help to solve this mystery wasn't such a great idea after all. James Alan Gardner's fourth book \\"Hunted\\" is one of the best in the series. With compelling characters (including the legendary Ramos) and an engrossing mystery plot, this science fiction story zips through every twist and turn, refusing to let the reader go until the end. And what an end it is!	2002-12-12
Longevity	Ellis produced a program for National Public Radio for which she interviewed people who were a hundred years old or older. She interviewed a wide variety including Margaret Rawson (a world-renowned expert on dyslexia), Ruth Ellis (the oldest living lesbian), Sadie and Gilbert Hill (married for over eighty years). At first, Ellis is focussed on the historical aspects of their lives, but soon finds herself on a personal journey of her own, where she connects to them as individuals alive in the world and begins to see how looking forward, not backward, is a secret to longevity, as is living in the here and now. More of a story of Ellis herself than the centenarians she met, &quot;If I Live to Be 100&quot; is a surprisingly luminous memoir that charms the reader and opens the mind to what it means to be really alive.	2002-12-11
A great collection	There's a wide range in this collection of seventeen essays by gay Jewish men. From young to old, from previously published to new for this book, from established writer to beginner, \\"Found Tribe\\" has something for almost everyone, even the non-Jewish. Sometimes humorous, but always poignant and informative, these essays explore how these Jewish men blend their religious lives with their personal lives when many would use that same religion to condemn them. Schimel is an amazing writer and anthologist who continues to bring thought-provoking works to the public, and this book (despite its minor plague of editorial misprints) surely enlightens. Even those who are not Jewish or even gay can benefit from the honesty, humanity, and self-liberation contained in these essays.	2002-12-07
The first Kate Brannigan mystery	This year Spinsters Ink began reprinting the Kate Brannigan mystery series by the award-winning Val McDermid, who is also the author of the lesbian mystery series featuring Lindsay Gordon. In this first book, Kate is hired by a famous musician to find his long-lost lyricist Moira. She succeeds in tracking Moira to her girlfriend's house, and thinks all ends happily ever after with the reunion, until Moira is murdered in the musician's house. Now Kate is pulled into the murder investigation, and finds more suspects and motives than she anticipated, all the while dealing with her job as a private investigator and with a distracting boyfriend. \\"Dead Beat\\" is a marvelous introduction to the series and showcases McDermid's talents as a mystery writer. Now let's all thank Spinsters Ink for bringing Brannigan back.	2002-12-05
Don't avoid this book	Limning the bewilderments of being excluded from the sole community to which one is accustomed, Michael Lowenthal's new novel \\"Avoidance\\" entrances the reader with its complexities and utterly human core. Jeremy is a graduate student studying the Amish community and its concept of shunning those who break their strict religious codes. His own community will always be Ironwood, the all-boys' summer camp in Vermont where he's evolved from camper to counselor to assistant director. He falls under the seductive charms of a fourteen-year-old boy, who later accuses a member of the staff of molestation. Jeremy is forced to face not only his own sexual confusions, but also the dark secrets of Ironwood that he's struggled to forget and that will also chart his future path. \\"Avoidance\\" is a potent blend of masterful storytelling and arresting characters which will not leave readers unaffected.	2002-12-04
Love through a lens	In 1865, Annie Phelan leaves London to become housemaid for the Dashells, an artistic couple who've grown distant from each other after a succession of stillbirths. Eldon Dashell dreams of becoming a great cartographer and explorer, and Isabelle Dashell is determined to create her art through photography, in spite of the ridicule she receives from her peers. Isabelle uses Annie as a model, and the young woman quickly becomes her muse, inspiring her to greater heights with her portraits of Guinevere, Ophelia, Sappho, the Madonna, and other iconic images. Annie also connects with Eldon and his fascination with Sir John Franklin's disastrous Arctic exploration, and she becomes a catalyst for transformation for everyone in the house, including herself. Annie has awoken the passions of Isabelle, and the sudden flames burst through their love triangle and prove the undoing of all. &quot;Afterimage&quot; is a luxurious novel about awakening, love, art, and freedom in a time when nothing seemed possible. It's as if Charlotte Bront's &quot;Jane Eyre&quot; were mixed with Sylvia Brownrigg's &quot;Pages for You&quot; to create a unique, moving story.	2002-11-30
Metamorphoses	In New Crobuzon, Perdido Street Station is the heart, the nexus where all the train lines meet. Yagharek is a garuda who's been judged and lost his wings. He comes to New Crobuzon to find a rogue scientist named Isaac who might be able to help him gain flight again. Isaac is prone to obsessions, and takes on Yagharek's case with gusto. One of his lab specimens is a colorful caterpillar, and when this caterpillar emerges from its cocoon, it sparks a chain of terrifying events that affects not only Isaac and everyone he knows, but the entire city itself. Isaac, Yagharek, and their compatriots find themselves the only defense, and make their stand at Perdido Street Station. The novel is a gorgeous and voluptuous tale that builds upon its layers, building into an enthralling mixture of fantasy, politics, science, horror, and metamorphosis. Miville's writing does stumble in places, and sometimes the story seems to ramble, but this does not take away from the sheer majestic scope of &quot;Perdido Street Station&quot;, nor from the reader's enjoyment. By the final pages, each character transforms and the reader is left astonished and amazed.	2002-11-28
A great sci-fi mystery	On the planet Demoth, a deadly plague decimates the Oolom race, while leaving their human neighbors unaffected, at least physically. Faye helps care for the patients, and is a witness when her father finds a cure. After her father's mysterious death a few days later, Faye drifts through life, enters into a group marriage (her culture is bisexual), and eventually becomes a member of the Vigil, a watchdog group who fiercely monitor the government. On her first assignment, her partner is killed and Faye finds herself fleeing not only the assassins, but also a couple of government agents who feels she is hiding something. With the help of her new Oolom partner and of Festina Ramos (from Gardner's first book \\"Expendable\\"), Faye sifts through the mystery of this multilayered conspiracy which is connected not only to Demoth's past before the Ooloms arrived, but also to Faye's father. Now if Faye could only stop being distracted by the enigmatic Festina, so she could concentrate on surviving... \\"Vigilant\\" starts slow, but after the arrival of Festina, the story flares to life and the reader can hardly read quickly enough. James Alan Gardner is a gifted writer whose stories capture the imagination and entertain readers for all their worth.	2002-11-20
A self-made man	When jazz entertainer Billy Tipton died in 1989, the news accounts didn't focus on his achievements in life as a musician, but rather that he was biologically a woman. Beginning in the late 1930s, young Dorothy Tipton began a transformation of herself that deceived almost every person who encountered him in later life, including some of his ex-wives and his adopted children. &quot;Suits Me&quot; brilliantly vivifies this extraordinary life, giving the readers the context and the background of what might have led Dorothy to become Billy. Taking her cues from Billy himself, Middlebrook does not portray her subject as a lesbian or a transgendered person or a crossdresser, but rather as a person determined to be a successful jazz musician, but who ultimately walked away when the spotlight became too bright to conceal the charade. &quot;Suits Me&quot; is a masterful biography that educates readers not only about its subject, but also about social constructs of gender, and leaves readers astounded.	2002-11-16
Acquired taste, indeed	This new collection features ten stories of idiosyncratic characters in exotic locales, from Alaska to Tunisia. Porter weaves interesting observations about life into the eloquent and sometimes lackluster tales that fill this collection. His opaque style defies the reader to connect with the characters, but luckily in the final two stories (&quot;Scrupulous Amde&quot; and &quot;Touch Wood&quot;) the clouds part and the reader is invited into a cozy space. &quot;Touch Wood : Short Stories&quot; is a well-written short story collection that may not gain a wide audience, but for those who do connect with it, there is much to appreciate and upon which to reflect.	2002-11-15
And then, and so, it was	This innovative feminist science fiction classic centers on the story of four women, each from a different universe, whose worlds suddenly intersect. Jeannine is a librarian in a world where the Great Depression has never ended. Joanna is living in the 1970s in a world much like our own. Janet is from a lesbian utopia called Whileaway, where only women exist. The fourth woman is from a future where the men and women are literally warring with each other. Russ uses these women to express and explore notions of gender, sexuality, politics, and human rights in a unique style incorporating a quirky (and somewhat dated) sense of humor. While it may not have the immediacy of \\"The Handmaid's Tale\\" or \\"Woman on the Edge of Time\\", \\"The Female Man\\" stands alongside such feminist works such as \\"Les Gurillres\\", where it challenges how a story is told and gives the reader a refreshing view of what the fantasy/sci fi genre can be.	2002-11-15
Longing, loss, faith, love	Hoping to escape war-ravaged London in 1941, Gwen volunteers for the Women's Land Army and is sent to a remote rural estate where she is to lead a group of girls. En route, Gwen hears of the disappearance and presumed death of her favorite author Virginia Woolf, and this colors her world for months to come. There is a regiment of Canadian soldiers on the estate as well and Gwen finds herself drawn to their commander, Captain Raley, but what is it she feels? What is love exactly to someone who has never felt its essence? Raley himself is adrift as he mourns the loss of his best friend. Gwen finds a hidden garden on the estate and by bringing it back to life, she finds her own journey mirroring the flowers. It is a journey of blossoming through longing, to love, as the war in Europe looms and Gwen's love for Raley may actually be doomed for reasons she never considered. \\"The Lost Garden\\" is a joyous bouquet that is both patient and anxious, and whose scent will linger in the hair and clothes of every reader.	2002-11-07
Mnage  quatre	In the mid-1970s, Jean-Luc and his wife Irne are living in Charlottesville, Virginia, where Jean-Luc teaches. Finding a lack in their relationship, each begins an affair, and eventually their respective girlfriends (Chantal and Mouse) move into the large house with them. The initial tensions and aggravations eventually give way to a sort of bonhomie as the four non-Americans plan and give a large party. It's an intriguing novel about foreigners in America, whose third part shines with Porter's writing. The earlier portions of the book, however, contain awkward dialogue and a torpid story which almost swallows the characters whole. &quot;Resident Aliens&quot; is a challenging book about the maturation of love between these four people.	2002-11-06
A sorta fairytale	In the early 1970s, two young men are sent to the remote countryside as part of Chairman Mao's Cultural Revolution plan that affects thousands. There the narrator and his best friend Luo will be &quot;re-educated&quot; by the peasants. At first there is little to detract from the monotonous hardships, but soon they meet the beautiful daughter of the local tailor. When the men discover a hidden cache of Western classics in Chinese translation, the stage is set for transformation, as the men reconnect to the outside world and the little seamstress is seduced by Luo and his storytelling. Dai's glorious story enchants the reader with its tale of romance, the power of literature, and the spark of seeing beyond the horizon for the first time. The book is a delight one will wish to experience all over again.	2002-10-30
Fortune presents gifts not according to the book	On Monde D'Isle the people are literally connected to the world: they feel the tides change, they sense their fellow beings, and they share the bloodmind which tempts them into their (sometimes darker) animal instincts. Eleres has never been comfortable with this nature, and his sister Mevennen is one of the landblind, those who are not connected as others are. She is considered a ghost, a being not really of the world and worthy only of being destroyed, and Eleres has always protected her from harm, including from his male lover. When Mevennen herself sees other ghosts, she is confused, especially when they tell her they are not actually ghosts, but from another planet and they would like to help heal her. The mysterious visitors have come to investigate why the original colony from their matriarchal society became the animalistic people they are today, and possibly find a way to fix them to be like themselves again. By attempting to help Mevennen, the visitors divide on how best to do it, and ultimately this proves to have more consequences than anyone anticipated. &quot;The Ghost Sister&quot; is highly fascinating and poses many compelling ethical questions about human nature. And while the story does move along at a brisk pace, it bogs down through much of the center of the novel into a tedious anticipation of what the outcome will be. This can be aggravating for readers. Williams does include many asides which elaborate on the native culture and from where the visitors came, all of which may interest readers and does keep one continuing to the end. Overall it's a great book that will give readers much to ponder and will intrigue us to look for another work from the author.	2002-10-28
To cheat or not to cheat	Continuing his bestselling series of books, Hardy throws another curve into Mitchell and Raheim's relationship. While Raheim is away in California filming a movie, Mitchell is constantly tempted by other African American men he meets. And when he keeps running into the openly bisexual Montee in various places, Mitchell finds his commitment to Raheim exceptionally challenged. While Hardy's characters and his writing remain strong, he dilutes this novel with many diatribes and detours which give the book a disconnected atmosphere. I believe all of what Hardy wants to convey through this novel has merit, but by not weaving it seamlessly through Mitchell's struggles to remain true to his Pooquie, he ultimately leaves the reader disappointed in some respects. After the stellar &quot;The Day Eazy-E Died&quot;, &quot;Love the One You're With&quot; is a bit dim, but still worthy.	2002-10-21
Shadows in the forest	When Kaye returns with her mother back to her childhood home, she is able to reconnect with her old friends Janet (whose boyfriend becomes enamored with Kaye) and Corny (Janet's gay brother), as well as her faerie friends. Kaye quickly finds herself a pawn in a dangerous game between two faerie queens, a game that will only end in bloodshed. With both her human and her faerie friends in danger, Kaye has to figure out her own place in each world and whom she can trust in order to survive. While marketed to a young adult audience, Black's dark fantasy is deserving of a wider audience. \\"Tithe\\" is a wild journey through the darker aspects of the faerie realm that will leave readers anticipating a continuation.	2002-10-17
A little vengeance between friends	Ned Maddstone is a blissful young man whose life seems destined to be perfect. He has a marvelous girlfriend and a promising future, but he also has a few so-called friends who wish him harm. A seemingly-innocent promise made to a dying teacher combined with a mean prank on Ned avalanches into a series of events that lands Ned on a remote island as a sort of political prisoner. Separated from all he's ever known, Ned nearly descends into insanity, until a fellow inmate befriends him and helps him to find a way to escape. And he does so, in order to revenge himself on those who destroyed his life. Originally published in England under the title \\"The Stars' Tennis Balls\\", \\"Revenge\\" is a retelling in a way of \\"The Count of Monte Cristo\\". Fry's writing here is enthralling, and while I do like his \\"Making History\\" better, this book is worthy of recommendation for its potent renderings of the nature of vengeance.	2002-10-12
A beautiful poetry collection	Doty's sixth book of poetry shows his elegant and strong style while exploring both public and private life. These poems luxuriate on the tongue and in the mind, and boldly paint vivid images in the readers' minds. Winner of a Lambda Literary Award for poetry, \\"Source\\" is a delightful example of Doty's works.	2002-10-12
Value of Silence	Through contact with an alien species, humans gain knowledge of the Dream, a plane of existence where beings can communicate over vast spaces. Those beings capable of entering the Dream are called the Silent, due to their tendency toward silence during adolescence. On the planet Rust, a young man named Sejal has developed the power to enter the Dream without aid, and to possess and control others. Kendi, one of the Children of Irfan, is the first to notice this disturbance in the Dream, and he leads the group, including his estranged boyfriend, determined to find Sejal before anyone else does. There are also huge disturbances in the Dream which are destroying whole worlds of sentients. Could Sejal be the reason? And what will the Children of Irfan, or any of the other groups vying for control of Sejal, do if he is? \\"Dreamer\\" is a fascinating novel that draws the reader deeper and deeper into the story until its final pages. While the story and characters are a bit flat at the beginning, it all develops into a compelling read that is soon impossible to set aside. This book was a finalist for the Spectrum Awards, which honors science fiction depicting positive queer characters.	2002-10-01
A great read	Killian lives in a small town along the Eastern Shore of the US, and after he meets the new kid in town, Seth, he starts wondering whether he might be gay. After Seth is murdered and Killian barely survives the attack, he struggles to recuperate and to come to terms with his new awareness. He begins to come out to family and friends, and his father quickly kicks him out of the house, so he ends up living with Seth's dad. Killian tries to figure out the whole dating thing after two of his friends also come out as gay and express interest in dating him, and all along Killian is determined to find out who killed Seth. When another of Killian's friends is murdered, he finds that not only is his life in danger, but also those of his friends. And the assailant might be closer to home than he thought. In spite of the tendency toward melodrama and some plot contrivances, \\"Bleeding Hearts\\" is a strong and heartfelt story about a young man coming to terms with himself. It reminded me a bit of \\"Brain and Body\\" by Richard Frost and \\"Outcast\\" by Stuart Thorogood.	2002-09-28
One of her best	When a spinster friend of Roger Ackroyd commits suicide, she sends a letter to him revealing she was being blackmailed. He reveals this to his friend Dr James Sheppard, but not the identity of the blackmailer. After Ackroyd is murdered, his niece turns to Dr Sheppard and his neighbor Hercule Poirot to solve the murder and to find her fianc who's the prime suspect. Poirot soon finds that everyone connected to the case has something to hide, which creates some confusion at first, but it's not enough to halt Poirot from solving the case. Dame Agatha Christie's remarkable storytelling and innovative structure make this one of her most memorable mysteries.	2002-09-27
A passionate journey	Woolf's first novel \\"Melymbrosia\\" was completed in 1912, but wasn't published until 1915 under the title \\"The Voyage Out\\". Louise DeSalvo has pieced together this first manuscript to offer the public a glimpse into the early creative mind of Woolf. Following the same basic plot as \\"The Voyage Out\\" (a young woman's journey to sexual and emotional awakening), \\"Melymbrosia\\" is much more frank in its portrayal of politics and sexuality (including homosexuality). Another difference is the raw and unpolished feel that this early draft contains. DeSalvo chose to retain some of Woolf's errors in this version, and while this doesn't necessarily detract from the story, it does make the reader wonder about their inclusion. \\"Melymbrosia\\" is a fascinating and powerful look into Virginia Woolf's early writing and life that conveys the passions she felt for all aspects of life, which she felt she needed to mute to some degrees in order to gain acceptance.	2002-09-25
Looking for tribe	Cowrie travels from her native New Zealand to Punalu'u, Hawai'i to find her long lost family and to reconnect to her heritage. She also finds herself attracted to Koana, a mother with two children, and is confused about Koana's mixed signals. Cowrie weaves her life into her new extended family's and slowly investigates the imagery in her recurring dream of the sea turtle woman. A sudden tragedy clarifies relationships, and Cowrie finds herself changed and connected to not only this new family, but also to her expanded heritage. Dunsford's poetic language and intense imagery of both Hawai'ian and Maori peoples makes &quot;Cowrie&quot; a joyous journey in the lush landscape of Hawai'i.	2002-09-19
Not quite paradise	As mutating diseases and environmental disasters devastate the various planetary colonies scattered around the galaxy, all eyes focus on the planet Pandora, an isolated research outpost, where it is hoped that a cure can be created. The Pandorans want to keep their planet pristine, so with the threat of invasion if they fail, they begin genetic experiments to find the cure. Helice Trust's genetic make-up is perfect for the experiments and the Pandorans eventually manipulate her into volunteering to bear the child they've created. The experiment turns out to be worth killing for, and Helice's two daughters Chena and Teal find themselves equal targets. Five years later, Chena and Teal are fugitives from the Pandoran scientists who are determined that they should take their mother's place. But there are other forces at work on Pandora that could be either friend or foe for the two teenagers, so whom can they trust? Zettel's novel is a compelling and fast-paced read that poses several intriguing ethical questions. While the five-year jump between parts one and two is quite jarring, it does make some sense for the story. And the ending is almost too tidy, but this doesn't take away from the overall enjoyment of \\"Kingdom of Cages\\", which ultimately is quite entertaining and thought-provoking. I'm not quite sure what the cover has to do with the story, though.	2002-09-18
Insipid	I couldn't get past 30 pages of this vapid book. In the first chapter, the main character Robert falls madly in love with a German Count and soon the two are planning their wedding, after only having met a few days before! They have brunch at an exclusive, hard-to-get-into restaurant, but somehow Robert's friend gets a table to spy on them?? The plot only gets more ludicrous, and unfortunately none of the characters are even likeable (let alone more than caricatures), so I just tossed this book.	2002-09-18
Subtle and delicious	Set in China mostly in the 1970s, \\"Wild Ginger\\" focusses on a love triangle that develops between three young people caught in the maelstrom of the Cultural Revolution brough on by Chairman Mao. Maple finds an ally in fellow schoolgirl Wild Ginger, whose foreign-looking eyes make her also a target of the school bully. In efforts to prove herself and to separate herself from her heritage, Wild Ginger embraces Maoism to the utmost and dedicates her life to it. When she meets a young man who also embraces Maoism fervently, Wild Ginger chooses to stifle her burgeoning passions rather than challenge Mao's proclamation against romantic love. As Maple and the young man are drawn together by their mutual love of Wild Ginger, it sets the stage for doom for one of the three. \\"Wild Ginger\\" is written subtly and dreamily, where the bright colors of love are muted as they would be because of the Cultural Revolution of the time. And while this might give some readers a sense of distance away from the characters, it also strengthens the grand context of the personal confusions brought on by the Maoist doctrines.	2002-09-14
Down south	Set during the last day before the beginning of the American Civil War, \\"South\\" focusses on the doomed life of the Polish-American soldier Jan Wicziewsky as he visits his family's friends, the Brodericks. While setting up the usual opposing elements expected in anything about the American South (North/South, white man/black man, European/American views), Green also adds into this mix Jan's unexpressed sexuality. Having it bottled up for so long and with no avenue in which to voice his desires, Jan ultimately brings about his own downfall. It's a fascinating story that isn't as clear or as fully told as most modern drama, but for the time during which it was written, \\"South\\" is rather provocative.	2002-09-12
Kneepads not included	From two writers for \\"Instinct\\" magazine comes this informative and witty how-to manual on fellatio, and that's not an Italian opera. Covering topics like safe sex, techniques for better performance, and various other suggestions for making this experience for your man the best he's ever had, \\"Going Down\\" is an excellent sex guide for both men and women interested in learning to improve and expand their sexual repertoire.	2002-09-11
The incomparable Myra	As part of her plans to conquer Hollywood, Myra Breckinridge arrives at her late husband Myron's uncle Buck's drama academy to stake her claim. She turns heads and wreaks havoc all in her efforts to get where she wants to be. Myra takes no prisoners in any venture, especially in terms of sex. When Buck confronts her with the lack of evidence of her marriage to Myron and of the demise of Myron, Myra is forced to reveal her true nature. Ultimately Myra gets what she wants, but not in the way she planned, after a hit-and-run accident nearly destroys her. Challenging the 1960s' attitudes about gender and sexuality, \\"Myra Breckinridge\\" is not as scandalous now, but it's still shocking and campy. This is #23 of the 100 Best Gay and Lesbian Novels, as selected by the Publishing Triangle. Picking up several years after \\"Myra Breckinridge\\", \\"Myron\\" finds the banal man living with his wife in a nice California town, when suddenly he finds himself inside the movie \\"Siren of Babylon\\", during its filming in 1948. Myron struggles to find out what's happening to him as well as figuring out a way back, but the revitalized Myra is determined to seize control of the body they share and conquer the Hollywood of 1948, thereby recreating the world according to her wishes. Even more outrageous than its predecessor, \\"Myron\\" is loads of fun and showcases Vidal's wit, intelligence, and wild imagination.	2002-09-10
Delightful	&quot;Letters from Maine&quot; is a gorgeous collection of meditations on nature, love, and various internal truths. Sometimes celebratory and passionate and sometimes introspective and melancholy, these poems flower in the mind and leave the reader blissful. May Sarton is more known for her fiction, but certainly her poetry is worthy of similar attention.	2002-09-08
Opening to love and humanity	Rachel Vinrace, a young woman not quite acquainted with the ways of the world, accompanies her aunt and uncle (the Ambroses) to South America, where she eventually falls in love with a young aspiring writer. Swirling around this tale of doomed love are the many other characters who all influence each other and are themselves influenced. Most of the novel is about Rachel, but Helen Ambrose is equally central to the story, as a comparison to her niece and in her own internal voyage. Chronicling the inner lives of her characters, Woolf, in her first novel, explores the awakening of first love, the influences of men (and the culture they have control over) upon women, the confusions we as human beings have in our daily communications with others. Originally entitled &quot;Melymbrosia&quot;, &quot;The Voyage Out&quot; went through many revisions as Woolf claimed language for her own uses and effectively began a new literature (for her time), where the internal life and the interconnectedness of humanity are the central themes.	2002-09-07
The price of a red ribbon	In the late 1750s in London, Mary Saunders lives a life on the edge of poverty, but she dreams of more. And these dreams soon cause her to lose her home, and what else can a young woman do with no other skills but turn to prostitution? At first it's a life of freedom for Mary, but this doesn't last long, and in a moment, Mary's life changes and she's forced to flee to Monmouth, her mother's former home, where she believes she can start over. Befriending her mother's childhood friend Mrs Jones, Mary rebuilds her life and think she's escaped all she was in London. Her dreams of finery and living a high life prove to be her downfall yet again, and she falls back into prostitution, which is the first step in her spiral to the crime that will seal her fate. Donoghue's lush novel is based on sketchy historical facts. She's brought to life this unknown young woman, and shown us how the glamours of the beautiful life can lead one to ruin. &quot;Slammerkin&quot; is quite unlike Donoghue's other novels, and sometimes gets a bit plodding, but overall it's quite compelling and fascinating to witness this girl's life.	2002-08-24
Fancy a huddle?	Greg Williams is an upcoming British football star whose professional life is going up, while his personal life seems adrift due to his searches for a boyfriend. After a sexual encounter with his best friend Matt who's to be soon married, Greg can no longer hide his feelings for Matt, but Matt avoids Greg at all costs. After leading his team to the championships, Greg gives Matt a bachelor party where the two reconnect and finally decide where their futures lie. Filled with hot sex and with a rather good story, \\"Man On!\\" is a good example of what an erotic novel can be.	2002-08-24
Quirky and fun	On the fictional island of Nollop, off the coast of South Carolina, the denizens consider their deceased native son Nevin Nollop, author of the popular pangram sentence &quot;The Quick Brown Fox Jumps Over The Lazy Dog&quot;, as their national hero. When a letter from Nollop's statue falls, the island's governing council see it as a sign from Nollop and announce that from now on the islanders are not to use the letter (a Z) in either speech or writing. The islanders, whose love of language is legendary, try to take it as a challenge, until a second letter falls from the statue. Ella Minnow Pea is an 18-year old islander who is witness to this bizarre scene of government in action, and may actually hold the key to stopping this insanity as the tiles fall and the letters are outlawed. The story moves quickly, due to the epistolary format, so the characters are not be as fleshed out as they could be. &quot;Ella Minnow Pea&quot; is a delight for all lovers of language and of word play.	2002-08-24
Absolutely riotous	The lives and foibles of various stars at the home shopping channel Sellevision are the subjects of this hilarious novel. Max gets fired after accidentally exposing himself on live television, and in the ensuing scandal he hunts for a job, any job, that will hire him, or at least if he could find a supportive boyfriend that would work instead. Leigh is having an affair with a married Sellevision executive who keeps promising to leave his wife, but it seems like he never will. Bebe is one of the most popular hosts at Sellevision, and she has a spending problem, to say it subtly. And Peggy Jean is receiving disturbing and threatening emails from a fan, or is it actually from someone she knows? Skewering the home shopping phenomenon, &quot;Sellevision&quot; is so darkly comical as it chronicles the zany lives of these characters and more.	2002-08-20
Storytelling the truth	As the fifth born of eight children, Odessa is stuck in the middle trying to find her place in her poor family. Molested twice by her father in her lifetime and also the only witness to a crime he commits, Odessa becomes accustomed to secrets and lies, and it's all slowly suffocating her. With no solace in her family, she finds her choices for survival dwindling until a chance encounter with an unknown family member gives Odessa an opportunity to tell her story and to hear parts of her story she never knew existed. &quot;Fifth Born&quot; is a powerful tale of family secrets and treachery, and ultimately of survival and inner strength. Lockhart has written a story that, while reflecting Dorothy Allison, Sheri Reynolds, and Alice Walker, also bring a sharp freshness to this shadowy pain of family rejection and loss that will leave the reader moved.	2002-08-18
Beautiful	With a luminous magical realism style, Block tells the stories of Weetzie Bat and her family and friends in the five books collected here. Usually marketed for a young adult audience, the books are more for the young at heart, covering adult themes like AIDS, racism, and sex. These heartwarming books overall tell about what a family really is: a group of people who care about each other through it all. ... It's the story of a young gay boy trying to find another like him, as well as his place in his family and the world.	2002-08-16
Lots of drama	At the new fledgling network L-TV (as in Lesbian Television), CJ Jansen is eager to make the network a success with her stellar group of writers. Unfortunately for all, CJ's exlover Debbe Lee is the owner and to say she's hard to work with would be like saying Hitler was a bit naughty. The staff at L-TV work hard and get nominated for several national awards. When Debbe accepts the awards and claims she's responsible for the award-winning programming, CJ and her staff plot to wrest some control from the Dragon Lady (i.e., Debbe) and retain their sanity, but can they pull it off when they're actually breaking a few laws? And as CJ's relationship with one of her staff grows into something more serious, what will the rest of the staff think? \\"It's in Her Kiss\\" is trashy fun that tests the reader's tolerance of nasty behavior and wish-fulfillment (when L-TV programming wins a mountain of awards). It's a great, fun read that would make a great TV movie. There's more drama here than on some primetime TV shows!	2002-08-15
A classic feminist novel	It began as protections for women, but soon the lives of women became more and more controlled, and anyone who protested either disappeared or had a sudden change of heart. Women left the cities for the wilderness to live their lives as they chose, but sometimes they were hunted, captured, raped, or killed. Now, years later, women's culture in the wilderness blossoms in balance with nature, and they've developed amazing abilities of flight and telepathy. The threat from the governing men of the cities seems to be growing, and the women struggle to decide their path as the gentles (those men dedicated to nonviolence, especially against women) contact them to assist. But can the gentles be trusted, even though they're men? \\"Wanderground\\" is a classic utopian story of interconnected tales, as well as a potent novel about the power of women as a group. With a force equal to such feminist classics as \\"The Handmaid's Tale\\" and \\"Woman on the Edge of Time\\", \\"Wanderground\\" inspires us to envision a world lived in harmony with each other and with the world, and shows us the possibilities of reward in such an environment.	2002-08-15
Not so tricky	I've tried twice to get into this bestselling book. It's clever and fun, but I can't seem to make it past page 90. It just gets so vapid so quickly, and it's nowhere as great as some of the books to which it's compared (\\"Sex Toys of the Gods\\", \\"California Screaming\\"). I've even tried skipping ahead, but all the zippy inside jokes get real thin. At least the cover will help sell it.	2002-08-12
Waiting for the thaw	It's 1978, and Kevin and his father are still adrift after the death of Kevin's mother two years ago. Kevin's due to graduate from high school, and in the pecking order, Kevin's near the top, despite his grades, but he has a secret crush on one of his friends. As the year progresses a series of shattering secrets surface, and the bond between father and son becomes thinner, which isn't helped by Kevin's aunt who blames her sister's death on Kevin's father. \\"The Year of Ice\\" is a beautiful story of anguish and grief, of finding oneself amidst a chaos of family trauma, of growing up gay and having to hide. Malloy deftly writes with a sarcastic wit that brings Kevin and the other characters of the story to life, and pushes this novel closer to the reader's heart. Definitely one of the best books of 2002.	2002-08-10
A great beginning	In the not-so-distant future, a series of ecological changes have caused all the animals to die and the population of Earth to dwindle, leaving the ratio of women to men about twelve to one. The Earth (now called Little Blue) has restructured with this new governing force, and the peacekeeping group, called the Kanshoubu, also assist in running the prisons. Since the bulk of the prison population is male, there is a growing worldwide movement to use the prisoners to find the biological cause of violence, but there is also a group advocating against this as well. When three of the world's large prisons stage revolts, the Kanshoubu must quell the violence, even as both sides of the debate continue. In this first book in a new trilogy, Gearhart explores the nature of violence in humanity and the different ways in which each sex deal with it. Told through a series of intriguing characters, this thought-provoking story challenges the reader's own conceptions of violence, leaving the reader to decide alone on which side of the debate to land. While there are similarities with such works as Jean Stewart's Isis series, Gearhart's new trilogy is less of a focus on individuals than on humanity as a whole.	2002-08-10
Mosaic	Police officer Dez Reilly responds to a call where she saves two women from violent burglars. One of the women, Jaylynn Savage, is so smitten with Dez that she herself begins training to become a police officer. Dez, still recovering from her police officer partner's death as well as a series of relationships that ended badly, is jarred by Jaylynn's infectious spirit and uninhibited emotions. Dez is equally drawn to and skittish around the younger woman. And as Dez helps train Jaylynn, the two become more and more entangled, but can Dez overcome her emotional hang-ups and learn to love again? This magnificently written novel draws the reader into the private lives of both the women as it explores their will-it-or-won't-it relationship. While on the surface it seems like just another lesbian romance novel, \\"Gun Shy\\" turns out to be much more. With adept grace, the story leads the reader through the grieving process of the taciturn Dez, who ultimately must face her own inner demons if she wants to fully embrace a relationship with Jay. Even the minor characters are fully realized, and the book as a whole is a colorful tapestry that will entrance readers and leave them begging for more.	2002-08-08
These little earthquakes	In late 1993, right before the new year, Toni Dorado is returning home to Los Angeles to face the lover she left abruptly and to reconnect with her family. Her niece and her mother are very excited to have her back, but her sister Sylvia isn't happy at all, and she has her own problems in the form of an abusive husband. Toni struggles to make amends with Pat, her former lover, and the two slowly begin to communicate about where to go from here. As the various women's lives and sometimes volatile relationships collide, so too does the earth as a major earthquake hits the area in January 1994, forcing the women to face some naked truths about each other and about themselves. Even though the earthquake has a deus ex machina feel (where it solves problems so the characters don't have to), &quot;Faults&quot; is quite a remarkable novel for creating a beautiful portrait of a present-day Chicana family to which everyone can relate.	2002-07-30
So compelling and moving	Documenting two years in the life of B. J. Rosenthal, Feinberg's witty and moving novel gives a moving portrait of living during the early, terror-filled days of AIDS. In 1980, before the plague, B. J.'s sole mission is to find a boyfriend through the maze of one-night stands and casual encounters. In 1986, with AIDS invading everyone's lives, B. J. must balance his fears of infection with his own personal searches for love and meaning. Using sarcasm and wit to keep his mental sanity, B. J. is finding that even with AIDS tainting every physical contact, life will still go on. \\"Eighty-sixed\\" is a remarkable tale of being gay in the 1980s, giving us a slice of queer history that's ultimately very personal.	2002-07-28
Appetizer	\\"Wrong Things\\" contains an original story each by Brite and by Kiernan, as well as the collaboration \\"The Rest of the Wrong Thing\\", which has some connections to Brite's novels \\"Lost Souls\\" and \\"Drawing Blood\\". Poppy Brite's \\"The Crystal Empire\\" is a dark, seductive story about what's done under the thrall of love as a guy named Matthew asks his girlfriend to help him kill someone. Caitln Kiernan's \\"Onion\\" is an enticing tale about a couple who've both had visions of other worlds in their past and about how they are bound by this, as well as driven apart by it. Kiernan also includes a little afterword about where the idea for \\"The Rest of the Wrong Thing\\" came from. Fans of either or both will delight in this collection. I just wish it were a less expensive edition...	2002-07-18
A great read	Chris and Gayle's tumultuous relationship is full of flashes of love for each other and of the pains each experienced in previous relationships and in childhood. Chris is a single mother who doesn't value Gayle's involvement in the church, and Gayle uses this sometimes to drive a wedge between them. Weaving the past with the present, the story gives a full portrait of these two African American women who are both struggling to overcome their pasts and find a way to live in the present. While sometimes the story gets a bit overly dramatic and the flashbacks seem to meander at times, &quot;Fire and Brimstone&quot; is a compelling read as the reader follows Gayle and Chris through their trials to see if they can make it together. This is a provocative first novel that gives the reader much to consider.	2002-07-14
Wondrous	One summer weekend in upstate New York, three friends gather on the anniversary of the death of the man who was their centerpiece. The widowed boyfriend's new lover and a surprising dinner guest disrupt the memories and push the tension of the trio into clarity for each as they struggle to regain something lost. Cameron's exquisitely written novel weaves flashbacks into the story, giving the whole an almost lazy summer day atmosphere, just like what the weekend was supposed to be for the characters. Not only is the story beautifully told, but the personal epiphanies of the characters are almost startling in context of the tale, and the human truths about loss and perception are quite universal and sharply rendered. This is a book to treasure.	2002-07-07
Succulent poetry	I thoroughly enjoyed Gottlieb's second poetry collection &quot;Why Things Burn&quot; (which was a Lambda Literary Award nominee), and have been looking forward to reading &quot;Pelt&quot;, and now I just don't know why I waited so long. Gottlieb's poetry is vibrant and succulent. This is poetry with tongue (sharp and biting, speaking truths, caressing and loving, devouring the reader in return). Covering topics from childhood to womanhood, from relationships to the world at large, &quot;Pelt&quot; is an amazing book exploring the true things in human experience.	2002-07-07
A true story with lies? You decide.	Growing up gay always has its challenges, and Burroughs definitely had his. His parents divorced because of his father's alcoholism and his mother's burgeoning madness. Believing it best for her son, his mother had her therapist assigned his legal guardian. And then Augusten finds that Dr Finch's family could be considered even more screwed up than his own family. His life becomes a madcap, sometimes surreal adventure where the reader sometimes wants to doubt the reality of the events, but nonetheless the reader just can't look away. Finch's other adopted son Neil becomes Augusten's first lover, even though Neil is over twice the boy's age, and then even that relationship is twisted. The story is dark and disturbing like the books by JT LeRoy or Scott Heim, but with a sense of bizarre humor like that of Edward Gorey. And sometimes it reminded me of \\"Ghost Dance\\" by Carole Maso, too. Overall this is a fascinating and horrific and funny memoir of a boy growing up with a bizarre and outrageous group of people and turning out to be oddly normal.	2002-07-03
Family matters	Mark and his partner Neil are hosting their best friend Roxanne's wedding to a man who's a candidate for the Governor of Illinois. The wedding is a beautiful affair, hosting all the big names that the small town of Dumont, Wisconsin has to offer. And then a freak accident results in a death at the reception. While at first it seems like a tragic accident, soon evidence points to a planned murder, and the prime suspect is none other than Roxanne, the newlywed. As Mark tries to unravel the convoluted threads of this mystery, more questions than answers come to the surface, but he's determined to clear the name of his best friend, the woman who introduced him to Neil. This book is a bit more staid than the previous Manning mysteries, but with a keen eye and mind, \\"Hot Spot\\" blooms into an intellectual puzzle that leads the reader through Manning's thought processes as he sifts through the bewildering tangle. At the heart of this latest mystery is the notion of family in the lives of gay men. Not only do Mark and Neil have an adopted son (Thad, who's leaving for college as the story ends), but they also have a wide circle of close friends who are indeed equal to family members. Since Roxanne is part of this chosen family, Mark won't sit idly by and let her go through this alone. Family, whether by blood or by choice, is wholly important. And this is what makes the Mark Manning series so endearing to fans.	2002-06-30
I did want to like it though	Using a style a bit like that of William Burroughs, Acker weaves a tale of various girls struggling against (society, men, each other, etc.). There are moments of crisp clarity where Acker conveys aspects of the story she's telling with the potent voices she uses, but these are not often enough to bring the story together except for the dedicated transgressive reader. This is the type of book that relies more on voice and atmosphere than on linear storylines, and Acker does succeed in giving us fascinating characters, but I was still left bewildered and numb by the end, as well as left wondering what this book was meant to convey.	2002-06-30
Tidal	The novel revolves around a diner in the small town of Cartwheel, Indiana. Caddie, a waitress at the diner, had a very public affair with Jo, a worker at a local factory, until Jo just left her. No one outside of the lovers knows the true texture of their love affair because Jo never let on that he was really a woman. Selena, another waitress, has a secret of her own, as does almost everyone connected with the diner. &quot;Switch&quot; is an addictive novel of secrets, desires, and the sensual aspects of everyday life. The characters spring from the pages and take on lives outside the story. And by the time the final pages are reached, the reader wants to become a regular at the diner so as not to miss any moment in these characters' lives. Truly masterful storytelling.	2002-06-26
Tragic love story	As part of the British band the Kydds, Seth Grealy and Peyton Masters conquered the world in the mid-60s and 1970s. When they came out as lovers, after witnessing the Stonewall riots on TV, Peyton and Seth find themselves both embraced and rejected by those around them and the world, and their lives are changed irrevocably. And years later when Seth is killed, Peyton has to come to terms with his own life and with his lover's killer. &quot;Plastic Jesus&quot; is a glorious homage to the Beatles and Beatlemania, as well as a tragic love story in the vein of Emma Donoghue's &quot;Hood&quot;. This illustrated novella, while missing Brite's usual gothic textures, nonetheless radiates her storytelling prowess.	2002-06-26
Such fun	Miss Elizabeth Mapp lives in the English village of Tilling and there she attempts to be part of the cream of Tilling's society. With a steady diet of gossip, Miss Mapp and her circle of fellow residents flavor their lives with eyes on the goal of status. Benson's sharply observed and satirical tale is part of the Mapp &amp; Lucia series, which pokes fun at English society of the times. Like an early ancestor of &quot;Dynasty&quot; or anything else produced by Aaron Spelling, the Mapp and Lucia stories are big fun for any Anglophile or fan of camp literature.	2002-06-17
Skewer	Rakoff's humorous essays are about his life and experiences as a journalist. Mostly he's self-deprecating and skewering himself and his behavior and attitudes. Apparently sometimes he feels himself a fraud due to his various identities (Jewish, Canadian, queer), but overall his cutting wit zings to the heart of his observations. A fun collection.	2002-06-10
Serve &amp; protect	Whit and her partner Kali lead their city of Isis and the women of Freeland in endeavors to repair the electromagnetic border which separates them from the feudal and zealous Elysium. When a rival military leader bids for control of the project, Whit and her project leader Loy get involved in a political chess game which ultimately distracts them from their objective and proves fatal. Loy and the woman who's confusing her heart and mind rocket to space to repair the satellites to fix the border. Meanwhile, the city of Isis is the next target of Elysium, and Whit and her attack force are determined to keep their home safe at any cost. Stewart's captivating tale presents an exciting world where men are nearly nonexistent, but humanity is still struggling to make it all work. I haven't read the other Isis books yet, but I certainly want to now!	2002-06-10
Looking back	This is a story about Paul, who's looking back on his early years living in Aruba. He's getting older and discovering not only the emptiness of one-night stands, but also that he's not as unlike his parents as he would like. Holleran's sense of wry humor and his astute observations about growing older as a gay man are strong in this work and make it shine. This is a novel about the inner world, so apparently the lack of outside action aggravated some reviewers. I think Andrew Holleran is one of the best writers of gay fiction, so.	2002-06-10
Points of view	In this partially autobiographical work, Arnold tells of a group of women (some lesbians, some not) who form a sort of commune to support each other, and then take the idea one step further by taking over an abandoned school to create a community center to help the poor and others in need. After a few days, the police invade the building and arrest some of the members, and then the city tears down the building. While this is going on, the carpenter and the cook (who are essentially leaders-by-default in the group) have a love affair that is muddled when a visiting revolutionary becomes the third party in a love triangle. Using non-gendered language (and an invented pronoun), \\"The Cook and the Carpenter\\" doesn't reveal the genders of the protagonists until towards the end, thereby making the reader think about sex roles and gender roles consciously while reading the story. While this is certainly challenging, it's worth it for this tale that also addresses how differing viewpoints can affect any relationship.	2002-06-10
Expanding one's view of Virginia Woolf	Barrett brought together several of Woolf's writings and criticisms about women and writing. It's a fascinating collection that expands one's view of Virginia Woolf as a writer and as a thinking, highly intelligent woman. Her reviews of some of her contemporaries or such writers as Jane Austen, George Eliot, and the Bronts are thought-provoking and revealing about Woolf's inner life. Coupled with Barrett's insightful introduction, this book is a welcome addition to anyone's Woolf collection or to those interested in women as writers. It expands a bit on the notions presented in her famous &quot;A Room Of One's Own&quot;.	2002-06-10
The power of love	When Judith's estranged husband hires a mysterious assassin to kill his wife, he unwittingly sets in motion a sequence of events that will change all the dominions of the Imajica, of which Earth is the fifth. Both Judith and her former lover John \\"Gentle\\" Zacharias are drawn into the mysteries as the assassin Pie 'oh' Pah leads them both forward to remembering their origins and connections to each other and to the ruler of the other dominions, the Autarch. Judith's journey veers from Gentle's when she finds evidence of buried and suppressed goddesses on Earth and in the other dominions. But the Autarch has domination plans of his own, and he won't be stopped without drawing blood first. \\"Imajica\\" is essentially about healing, and about love. Gentle is a broken man, a habitual womanizer, who's brought to a place of healing through his relationship with Pie 'oh' Pah, a mystif with the power to change sex according to another's true desires. Judith is claimed by many men, but she battles this ownership, and must find her own way and rely on her own strength if she's to assist in bringing the dominions back together. And ultimately it's in Judith's hands whether this healing of the Imajica comes about or fails yet again. It's a gorgeous epic fantasy that soars to a reader's heart, and once there plants a seed of imagining the world as a better place, much as Gentle and Judith do. This is one of my favorite all-time books. I feel so wordless in attempting to describe it.	2002-05-21
Surfacing	As the novel she was writing self-destructed on the page, Guess found herself adrift and at a loss as to why it failed. While trying to figure this out, and writing through the reasons, a new work emerged, \\"Gaslight\\", which is a gorgeous blend of memoir and fiction. Chronicling her struggles with anorexia, with homophobia and sexism, and with the politics of her art, Guess shares with us the process of creativity and its effects on the artist at work. Like the water that flows through that failed novel, \\"Gaslight\\" has a hidden strength, a luminous beauty, a kaleidoscope of muted colors that speaks volumes without dragging the readers away on riptides. This buoyant work reminds us of the power of words, especially in the lives of the marginalized (women, queers, the poor). It quenches and nourishes like water, and supports us as we reach for the surface for that breath of crisp air.	2002-05-21
Square peg	Vanyel lives with his family in Forst Reach where he's been emotionally and spiritually battered for his artistic nature and effeminate appearance. When his father finally tires of him, he sends him off to live with Vanyel's aunt Savil. Torn from everything he's ever known, Vanyel descends into a deep depression, which isn't helped by Savil's abrupt demeanor. Savil is a teacher and a Herald, and Vanyel hopes to possibly be a bard someday, but finds his dreams destroyed. Tylendel, one of Savil's students, feels that he can help Vanyel through his pain, and tentatively makes contact with the younger teen. Vanyel and Tylendel soon begin a romance, which is put to the test when Tylendel's twin brother is murdered. Dragged into Tylendel's plan of vengeance, Vanyel becomes the focus for a whirlwind of magical powers which ultimately changes Vanyel forever. With the loss of Tylendel, Vanyel is adrift in pain, but through the efforts of Savil and her friends, he begins to heal the many wounds he's accumulated and to discover the scope of the magical abilities that have somehow awakened inside him. The first book in the Last Herald-Mage series is quite compelling and feels almost immature in the beginning, but that is more of a reflection of Vanyel's character.	2002-05-21
Convergence	The third book in the Magravandias chronicles brings all the political and sexual intrigue to a resounding finale. When the emperor of Magravandias finally dies, his sons and other factions maneuver to be the one to inherit the throne. The emperor's daughter Varencienne does not side with her brothers, but instead with her husband Valraven Palindrake, the heir to the reawakening sea dragon's power. The emperor's widow Tatrini has plans of her own, and brings forth the other elemental powers, setting in motion more than any of the various players could have imagined. The wizard Taropat returns, but his loyalties are muddled, until he's forced to confront his own shadowed past and mistakes, just like his former friend Valraven must do. As Tatrini and her powerful sons chase the Palindrake clan and finally corner them at the site where the Palindrakes's power was first muted, the Palindrake children determine the outcome of the battle. Storm Constantine outshines herself in this final book in the trilogy with a delightful and mesmerizing blend of machinations, personal enlightenment, and sexualities. The dnouement is a bit rushed, but it doesn't detract from the massive scope Constantine presents for the reader. Instead it leaves the reader with a stunned sense of survival, just like the characters in the trilogy, and with a sense of satisfaction in being witness to the characters' various journeys through tragedies to peace.	2002-05-21
Love is alive	These short stories are about romance, love, and daily life in the lives of lesbians. From \\"Keeping a Breast\\" (about a breast cancer scare) to the gender-bending \\"Girls Will Be Boys\\", the stories keep the reader glued to the pages, laughing and crying and getting hot & bothered with the characters. Newman has a wonderful talent for creating masterful stories that warm the readers' hearts. This is a collection not to be missed.	2002-05-21
The power of love	When Judith's estranged husband hires a mysterious assassin to kill his wife, he unwittingly sets in motion a sequence of events that will change all the dominions of the Imajica, of which Earth is the fifth. Both Judith and her former lover John \\"Gentle\\" Zacharias are drawn into the mysteries as the assassin Pie 'oh' Pah leads them both forward to remembering their origins and connections to each other and to the ruler of the other dominions, the Autarch. Judith's journey veers from Gentle's when she finds evidence of buried and suppressed goddesses on Earth and in the other dominions. But the Autarch has domination plans of his own, and he won't be stopped without drawing blood first. \\"Imajica\\" is essentially about healing, and about love. Gentle is a broken man, a habitual womanizer, who's brought to a place of healing through his relationship with Pie 'oh' Pah, a mystif with the power to change sex according to another's true desires. Judith is claimed by many men, but she battles this ownership, and must find her own way and rely on her own strength if she's to assist in bringing the dominions back together. And ultimately it's in Judith's hands whether this healing of the Imajica comes about or fails yet again. It's a gorgeous epic fantasy that soars to a reader's heart, and once there plants a seed of imagining the world as a better place, much as Gentle and Judith do. This is one of my favorite all-time books. I feel so wordless in attempting to describe it.	2002-05-21
High adventures	This first book in the Nightrunner series introduces us to Alec of Kerry who's been imprisoned for reasons he doesn't understand. He's resigned to his unknown fate, but his cellmate turns out to be a master spy whom Alec eventually knows as Seregil. Seregil rescues Alec and soon finds the younger man to be indispensable in more ways than one. Seregil begins training Alec as his apprentice in many skills: spy, thief, rogue, master of disguise. The two mistakenly steal a magical object, which almost destroys Seregil, but Alec rescues his mentor by bringing him home to Rhminee, in Skala, where Seregil recovers, only to find himself at the center of a plot to destroy his homeland. And to top it all off, Seregil is beginning to feel attracted to his young student. Seregil must stifle his feeling so that he and Alec can put an end to the danger to Skala, but the danger may prove to have longer fingers than either of them anticipate. \\"Luck in the Shadows\\" begins a bit slowly, but soon the reader is in the thrall of the story, speeding along through the adventures. It's an amazing beginning to a trilogy that will send the reader scampering for the next book.	2002-04-24
Whetting the appetite	Emma Donoghue vivifies various historical tidbits in this sumptuous feast of stories. From the first story about a woman who convinces England at large that she has given birth to rabbits in an attempt to make a living, to the last story \\"Looking for Petronilla\\", which stars a witch remembering the servant woman that she regrets abandoning, these tales capture the reader and make us want to beg for more. And by the final page, you will. Donoghue's style here nearly compares to that of Jeanette Winterson, but it's more grounded in reality, featuring odd events in human history without the aspects of magical realism that Winterson uses so effectively. Also included are the references that inspired Donoghue to create each tale, thereby giving the readers the nuggets which began this collection. Maybe if we all beg together...	2002-04-16
Wonderland	Three American explorers stumble upon a small country they dub Herland that's populated totally by women. For about two thousand years, the women have developed an intelligent, productive, perfect society, and with the entrance of the three men, they begin learning about the world outside their realm. The three men find that the women of Herland are ignorant (to their minds) of sexuality and gender roles, but the women are far ahead of the rest of the world in terms of education, child-rearing, population control, and agriculture. To fulfill their own curiosity and learn more, three women of Herland agree to become married to the three men. Unfortunately one of the men has not been able to overcome his own prejudices about how women ought to behave, and with one act he brings their time in Herland to an end. This fascinating story is decades ahead of most feminist, humanist works, and gives every reader an inspiring vision of how the world could be.	2002-04-15
Yawn	I read the first fifty or so pages, and then I just skipped to the end. There were so many ... mystery cliches that I just got intensely bored. Too bad the book didn't live up to the catchy cover.	2002-04-15
Magnificent	I was enthralled by this epic novel from the beginning, in spite of my hesitations after my indifference over Chabon's \\"Mysteries of Pittsburgh\\". From the 1930s to the 1950s, we follow the lives of Joe Kavalier, a refugee Jew from Prague, and his cousin Sam Clay as they explore the full, malleable, limitless possibilities of being American. Kavalier and Clay create the comic book sensation called The Escapist, which brings them both love and tragedy, richness and poverty, but always opportunities. Part of my devotion to the story is my nostalgic love of comic books, and part is the heartening (yet tragic) love story between Clay and the actor who plays The Escapist on the radio, and another is the sheer vast scope of Chabon's novel. Yes, he does meander a bit here and there, giving the readers almost a hundred pages of superfluous story, but this does not take away at all from the book. Strangely, this creates a sense that this is more than the story of Kavalier and Clay. This is a truly American story at heart. A story of dreaming big and tenaciously holding on to that dream.	2002-04-10
Delightful	\\"Poirot Investigates\\" is a collection of short stories featuring the Belgian detective. His friend Captain Hastings relays the varied tales, ranging from crimes of robbery to kidnapping to murder. It even includes one of Poirot's failures, where he didn't solve the crime correctly (\\"The Chocolate Box\\"). Thoroughly enjoyable for all of Dame Agatha Christie's fans.	2002-04-10
A great romance	Shayna is a biracial attorney whose professional drive destroys every relationship she has. Her best friend Jean is a dedicated teacher whose marriage is crumbling. As Shayna realizes the depth of her feelings for Jean, she tries hard to not let them influence her actions, and she never imagines that the feelings could be reciprocated. After divorcing her husband, Jean has an epiphany about her life and her past, and discovers her attraction for Shayna, but can she change her attitudes and life to let this love exist? Marianne Martin's deligthful romance also features some challenging issues like race, and harassment in school systems, that enhance the burgeoning love story. Like most romance fiction, &quot;Mirrors&quot; skims the surface and doesn't delve too deeply or painfully into the characters's pasts, but instead the focus is on the love story of the two women. It's a well-written and lovely story that is sure to appeal to all readers of lesbian romance stories.	2002-04-06
Utterly delightful	Continuing the extraordinary adventures of Lucia, Benson's delightful story is full of the gossip and social-climbing one comes to expect of Lucia. Peppino, Lucia's husband, inherits a fortune and a house in London after the death of his aunt. Lucia has been the queen of all of Riseholme for ages, with her court including her best friend Georgie, an eternal bachelor who embroiders. When she ascends to London, Riseholme is bereft and feeling slighted, but soon they plot their revenge. Unfortunately for them, Lucia conquers London's high society and overcomes all obstacles in her path to greatness. But can Lucia keep up the pace of London society? And does she plan to desert her beloved Riseholme forever? The Lucia series, beginning with \\"Queen Lucia\\", is a delicious concoction of maliciousness and snobbery that will convert any reader.	2002-04-04
#84 of the 100 Best Gay & Lesbian Novels	Argentina in the 1970s and 1980s was a time of change and growth. Richard Garay lives with his ailing mother in Buenos Aires, where he cruises for sex with other men and works at a loathsome job. After the Falkland War, he comes into contact with two American diplomats who become the catalysts for Richard's own changes and growth. He finds better work, becomes more connected with the world at large, and later finds a man to love. But even in Argentina, the far-reaching tendrils of AIDS touch everyone. The last third of the novel becomes an eloquent testament to the power of love and hope, against all odds. In Tibn's capable hands, what could have been a tedious story about politics becomes a wondrous journey of a man into the world at large through to the other side.	2002-04-01
Where there's smoke	Working in a fire tower deep in the Canadian forest, Percy Turner uses the isolation as a wall against people, and uses the time for reflection on her past and future. She has a strained relationship with her parents, burdened by family secrets, and her childhood friend &amp; longtime lover Marlea can't seem to choose whether to be with Percy or with her current boyfriend (not that Percy has had a stellar record keeping faithful to Marlea either). Through an internet exchange with a fellow fire tower worker, Percy slowly begins piecing her life back together. Pearl Luke's compelling story is sprinkled with fascinating facts about fires that make this tale so unique. She eloquently shows us that desire and attraction aren't always as clear cut as we like to think.	2002-04-01
Thriller in cyberspace	In the not-so-distant future, India Carless, known as Trouble, has left the shadowy world of cyberspace after the American government cracks down on netwalkers like her. A few years later, a new hacker pops up using the name 'Trouble' and begins creating havoc. The original Trouble comes back to clear her name and catch this new upstart, and she reconnects with old friends to do so, including Cerise, the woman she walked out on. Trouble finds a changed cyberworld hiding more dangers than she anticipated. For me the hard sci fi aspects were a bit dry, but Scott compellingly addressed various social issues and created intriguing characters ... that compelled me to continue. And I do agree that it went on too long and the ending is a bit disappointing, but overall I did enjoy the book. I like Melissa Scott's approach, so I'll probably read more by her.	2002-04-01
Gay gothic horror	Torrance Spoor receives a mysterious letter from his estranged father Malcolm, who entreats his son to come live with him in what could be Malcolm's final days. He goes, and finds a huge mansion with an aloof manservant Pip, twelves huge dogs with deep red eyes, and a basement room filled with rows of roses. While attending the local school, Torrance becomes entranced with a teacher named Sheila Massif, who isn't at all what she seems. Both she and her lover Duane are psychics, and Duane is on the lam from the government agency for which he works. Soon Malcolm's machinations begin to become apparent to Torrance, and he finds his life in danger of The Living One, who is at the heart of the Spoor curse. Looking at the plot, this book seems like it would be fascinating, and it is in parts. Unfortunately the modern epistolary form dissipates the story flow and after a while, it works against the book. And some of the chapters are amazingly poorly written. I ended up skimming the final third of the book just to reach the climax to see what would happen with these mediocre characters, and the ending was almost exactly as I expected. Overall it wasn't the worst book I've ever read, but I certainly am disappointed.	2002-03-24
Foreboding	Nathan and his parents move to a new small town, and there he befriends the boy next door, Roy, with whom he attends high school. Drawn to each other as havens from their respective troubles and families, Roy and Nathan begin a tentative love affair...With a dark and ominous atmosphere like that created by Scott Heim or Patrick Redmond, Grimsley's spellbinding tale will startle the reader with its honesty, intelligence, brutality, and beauty.	2002-03-24
Going back to Bali	Joey is a choreographer and dancer living in New York City with his Chinese-American boyfriend Andrew. Joey wins a grant that will fund a year of study in Bali, so the two go there. Andrew makes the best of it by focusing on creating a home for the both of them, but Joey throws himself into creating his dance routine and slowly drifts from his lover of fifteen years. Andrew is shattered when Joey reveals that he's involved with a 19-year old dancer and that he wants to shack up with the kid. Andrew flies back to the States and slowly rebuilds his life. Joey takes his edgy dance and his new lover back to New York, but ultimately things fall apart and eventually Joey is left without the sense of stability he once had. What saved this book for me was the modern epistolary form, a series of email between various characters in the story. This gives it a gossipy, fast-paced feel that salvages this melodramatic story from being the tepid gay pop fiction cliche that it could've been. I was surprised that I liked it as much as I did, and that it wasn't as bad as I expected.	2002-03-24
Simply beautiful	This gorgeous novel reflects many of the ideas found in \\"A Room Of One's Own\\" by Virginia Woolf, with whom Vita had a famous affair. After the death of her husband, the Earl of Slane, Lady Slane shocks her staid family by asserting her own will, leaving the house she kept with her husband, and settling into a small house in the countryside. Finally after seventy years, Lady Slane is determined to live as she chooses, with a life full of contemplation, dreams, and memories. She reflects on her lost ambition to be a painter, but knows that the life she lived was not without merit or value. She finds passion in the freedom to choose, and this gift she bequeaths to the one member of her family who understands its importance.	2002-03-23
A new world, of danger	This futuristic tale of a band of guerrilla boys fighting against the repressive police and government agents is told through Burroughs's imaginative style, which is more about creating atmosphere and using the language itself as part of the narrative web than about creating a sharply linear story. It's like an abstract painting through images and words, so it's difficult to elaborate on plot. Interspersed are pornographic scenes of gay sex between characters, which give the story a hallucinatory sensuality. The language rhythms become more accessible as the reader travels deeper into the story and enters the world Burroughs is creating, which isn't such a bad place to visit after all.	2002-03-13
Powerful and moving	Caroline Spencer is an aging schoolteacher who gets placed in a caregiver's home by her family. She is soon faced with the fact that her caregiver Harriet Hatfield is not unlike a jailer, though she probably means well. Caro is subjected daily to petty cruelties and subtle humiliations, and she almost succumbs to actually taking the tranquilizers she's brought. She keeps a journal to retain her faculties and as a last defense against infirmity. When a married woman temporarily helps out around the home, Caro learns the true nature of love, late in her life. Harriet finds Caro's journal and nearly destroys Caro's morale, but this only drives Caro into a last act of defiance and release. This is the second Sarton book I've read; the first being \\"Mrs Stevens Hears The Mermaids Singing\\" (#95 of the 100 Best Lesbian & Gay Novels). Her writing is superb and so beautiful. \\"As We Are Now\\" is her indictment against the treatment of the elderly and a brilliant book about growing old and struggling to cling to the world. Kate Millett's memoir \\"Mother Millett\\" also deals with the treatment of the elderly in this country, and it's sad to see that it hasn't changed much.	2002-03-11
Pick a sex	In Tober Cove, the humans change yearly from male to female, until their twentieth year when they must commit to being male or female, or to be neuter (a hermaphrodite), and thereby exiled and possibly executed. Fullin's Commitment Day is coming up, and it's not as smooth sailing as every other year's because a visiting scientist bring with him Steck, a neut who was exiled from Tober Cove twenty years ago. Fullin learns the history of his own heritage, and finds out that the Tober Cove's gods are not what everyone thought they were. I think this book is utterly fascinating (especially about the gender and sex roles commentary) and totally compelling. It's rough at the beginning, but soon I couldn't put it down. Steck's motivations for coming back to Tober Cove make perfect sense. Definitely recommended reading in my world!	2002-03-07
Electric politics	I've never read anything by Dworkin before, so I was quite amazed by this collection of memoir essays. In each, Andrea Dworkin relays memories that helped shape her politics, her life, her intensity. For me, the book came alive and turned electric like Eve Ensler's \\"The Vagina Monologues\\" did, where ultimately it caused my eyes to become more open to social politics. Dworkin's memoir shows that sometimes tiny events can cause one to change, and sometimes the change is almost imperceptible until later reflection. It's amazing to see how a voracious reader and a zealous advocate began.	2002-03-06
Blah	I read almost half the book, and then skipped and skimmed through to the end, and I am happy I didn't spend a lot of time with it because I found what I read to be cliche-ridden and utterly boring. It's certainly not the worst thing I've ever read, but it wasn't worth my time. I really wanted to like it because the whole going-back-to-one's-hometown thing always intrigues me (it's so universal), but unfortunately Sibley's characters didn't engage me at all. Yawn.	2002-03-02
A tale of two captains	Captain Dani Forrest heads the Boadicea, a ship in the Explora Command's Minority Fleet, where all gay and lesbian personnel are placed. Her crew is suffering from a mysterious malady when they're called on to investigate a potential act of war. Captain Bajana Ki's ship Heaven's Bow is from a different interstellar alliance and is on a mission to find the planet of their origin. The two ships become trapped by pirates and must get over their hostilities to work together. It's a great story, not unlike James Alan Gardner's \\"Expendable\\" series with Festina Ramos, and I did enjoy it for the most part. I felt that the story was quite weighty though. There are so many plots going on (that I didn't mention above) that three-fourths of the way through the novel I felt it would never ever end. Just when I thought things would be resolved, something else popped up. It did seem a bit much, but I still did enjoy the book overall and would read a sequel.	2002-02-27
Steady on	In 1995, as rapper Eazy-E succumbds to AIDS, Raheim and Mitchell strive to be true to each other and to themselves. Raheim goes for an HIV test, his son fights racism at school, and his former girlfriend finds a new man. Even though it seems that Hardy had a checklist of issues to go over, this gorgeous love story stands out for its honest portrayals. Since this was the first by Hardy I'd read, I was thoroughly surprised and drawn into the story. The language was a bit challenging for me at first, but it got easier. I'm definitely interested now to read it from the beginning.	2002-02-26
On the boundary	Evelyn travels to a small Nevada town to finalize her divorce, and there encounters Ann. The two slowly ease into a love affair, and as Evelyn's court appearance and scheduled departure loom ahead, the two struggle to figure out just how a relationship between two women could possibly last. Rule's writing is a bit dated for modern audiences, but the potency of Ann and Evelyn's love burns through the later parts of the novel. I think the movie adaption &quot;Desert Hearts&quot; beautifully captures the essentials of the book, but like the other reviewers have mentioned, it's almost a different story in places.	2002-02-25
The love of stories	Gabriel Noone is a writer and storyteller on a radio program called \\"Noone at Night\\". Through a publishing house editor, Gabriel begins talking on the phone with one of his fans, Pete, an ailing boy who was intensely abused. The friendship blossoms, until Gabriel begins to doubt Pete's tales and existence. Could this be just an elaborate hoax? And if not, then how hurtful will doubting Pete's story be? Gabriel confronts his relationships with his estranged lover and with his aged father, and ultimately must learn that love is about letting go. \\"The Night Listener\\" is about the power of fiction and stories in people's lives, and reminded me of Felice Picano's \\"The Book Of Lies\\", but Maupin's book is nowhere near as aggravating in its ending and leaves the reader feeling hopeful, if somewhat bewildered.	2002-02-23
While vacationing in France	Sydney Sloan and her lover Leslie visit Sydney's niece Vickie in France, only to find that Vickie is married, the husband's parents were murdered, and the husband is missing. Sydney of course becomes embroiled in finding Vickie's husband, and soon finds her own life in danger. The mystery-thriller elements of the story are rather great, but my disappointment lies with the nonexistent background details of France. If this were a movie, it would've been filmed on a Hollywood backdrop, far from France. And the explanations often come far after the reader has been asking questions, so it's a tad frustrating. Lordon's &quot;East Of Niece&quot; is a pretty good mystery, but it certainly doesn't stand out in a crowd.	2002-02-22
Conformity	In the far-flung future of the 26th century, the narrator D-503 is the builder of the rocket INTEGRAL. He lives in the regimented, totalitarian OneState, a society based on mathematics. Everything is scheduled (eating, sleeping, working, sex). When he meets the woman I-330, his world begins to fracture as suddenly he develops emotions that are unknown to him. I-330 also leads him unwittingly into acts of revolution, but the OneState's Guardians seem to be one step ahead of them at all times. There's much to ponder and extrapolate in this story, and it does seem a bit unpolished (and I don't think it's due to Clarence Brown's translation). This is definitely fascinating literature, especially since it influenced Orwell's \\"1984\\", but sometimes the story is confusing. Overall Zamyatin's \\"We\\" is a classic dystopian tale that still is pertinent to today's world.	2002-02-21
Fabulously skewed	Michael Thomas Ford's latest collection of quirky essays has a wide range of topics (my favorites are the ones on gay monogamy and queer bookstores and being neurotic). I was surprised by the more serious ones, but I do feel they are a great progression for his voice. What I didn't like were the plethora of cutesy quizzes. After the third one, I felt they lost the attraction Ford probably meant, and they became tedious. Overall though, the collection is still vivacious and brilliant, but it does seem to lack a bit of that spunky skewering that he's most known for.	2002-02-20
A stunning thriller	Sarah Oatland has had a severe stroke, which left her totally paralyzed and unable to speak. Her horrid niece rents out parts of Sarah's house to offset the costs of her care, and Sarah overhears two of the tenants plotting murder. She cannot speak or write or move, so how can she communicate? Through perseverance she starts communicating with a little girl who had the patience to wait for her to blink (once for yes, twice for no), but how can Sarah convey her message if the question is never asked? And after her secret slowly comes to light, her life is in danger as well because no one has the full information. This is a highly compelling thriller that is so unique. The reader is as frustrated as Sarah throughout the book as she struggles to communicate through simple eyeblinks. Such a miniscule amount of information can be conveyed this way! I could hardly put the book down with wondering how it would end!	2002-02-17
Truths be told	Harry spends a frightful summer with the horrible Dursleys, and just when it seems like he'll never get back to Hogwarts, he gets a bizarre warning from a house-elf who says that if Harry goes back to the school, it will be dangerous and disastrous. After a few days with his friend Ron and his family, Harry returns to Hogwarts to find a new obnoxious professor and an equally obnoxious ghost haunting one of the girls' bathrooms. And soon disaster does strike as one student after another turns up seemingly turned to stone. Could Draco Malfoy, Harry's rival, be more menacing than originally thought? Or could Hagrid the gameskeeper somehow be connected to it all? Or could it actually be Harry himself, as some of his schoolmates believe? Harry is determined to figure out what's going on, especially after his friend Hermione becomes one of the victims. The best part about Rowling's storytelling abilities is how she can write a book that seems so familiar, and yet be entirely new and exciting and positively thrilling. The Harry Potter series deserves all the buzz given it, and more!	2002-02-14
Quirky and charming	Jeremy Thrane is a gay man in his mid-30s living in New York City and posing as the archivist to his sometimes-lover (a closeted, married Hollywood action star). Jeremy is also writing an epic novel about his absentee father and is generally lounging about, until he unintentionally, yet purposefully, outs his married lover to the world. Jeremy escapes before the fallout into his own search for a new start. He finds a real job for the first time in years; he reconnects with and slowly learns to appreciate his oddball family. And through it all he matures and skewers his friends, and ultimately finds love (maybe). \\"Jeremy Thrane\\" is quirky and intriguing, and yet midway through reading, I found that it bogged down where Jeremy flits about making a general nuisance of himself. Christensen's writing style, sense of humor, and her characterizations kept me interested, and with perseverance, I found myself compelled to find out how it all ends. While it's not as gorgeous and spectacular as Kranz's \\"Leaps Of Faith\\" or Hamilton's \\"The Short History Of A Prince\\" or Duncker's \\"Hallucinating Foucault\\", \\"Jeremy Thrane\\" is a charming and lively story of a gay man growing older and suddenly finding that life isn't so bad after all.	2002-02-09
Gay teens in high school	Sanchez's debut novel features three guys in high school as each deals with being gay, coming out, and other personal problems. Nelson is totally out at school and is often targeted for harassment from some of the students. His mom is in PFLAG, so his home life is okay, but Nelson can't tell his best friend Kyle how he truly feels for him. Kyle is slowly coming out of the closet, but the process is forced to speed up after his mom finds a porn magazine in his room. Luckily, his parents work toward being supportive of him. Kyle has always had a crush on Jason, one of the popular jocks at school. Jason has been dating the same girl for two years, and yet he's had these feelings for other guys. When he enlists Kyle to help him with schoolwork, Jason struggles to deal with what he's feeling for another guy, as well as dealing with an alcoholic father at home. This book is entirely filled with sappy and wish-fulfilling events and interactions that lend it an almost overly-sweet feel. Yet it's also entirely delightful. Reading \\"Rainbow Boys\\" is like looking back on high school and imagining the things that could have happened, all through rose-colored glasses. While the characters and the story do lack a certain depth, the book overall entertains and gives a hopeful glimpse into the future of high schools.	2002-02-09
Wonderfully entertaining and hilarious mystery	In this wildly entertaining sequel to \\"Soon To Be A Major Motion Picture\\", we catch up with Mitch Draper, a struggling (and gay) screenwriter in Toronto, as he investigates a bizarre high-society murder-suicide case from the 1970s as potential research for a script. His friends Ramir and Ingrid each have their own tumultuous lives, and Mitch's investigation into long-buried secrets stirs up more than he bargained for, and ultimately affects the lives of himself and his friends. And could Mitch have finally found love with the gorgeous movie company executive from Los Angeles, or is the handsome stranger hiding something as well? Dunford's second book is superbly written, thoroughly engrossing, and filled with hilarity, twists, and hijinks. Combining sex, celebrities, violence, and a touch of the supernatural, \\"Making A Killing\\" is the perfect mix.	2002-02-05
Kinetic adventure	In this first volume of the popular shojo manga (usually considered girls' comics) magazine, a young gang leader named Ash is given a sample of a mysterious substance by a dying man. Ash's mafia boss (who's gay) sends his goons to get the sample back, thereby involving the police when a couple of Japanese researchers are unintentionally caught in the ensuing violence. Ash is trying to solve the mystery of the drug sample, but his capture by the mafia lord's lackeys seems to have halted that.<br />But can young Eiji get help to Ash in time to save him? Highly energetic and totally engrossing, the first volume of \\"Banana Fish\\" is certain to hook any reader.	2002-02-05
A thrilling beginning	Tayler Windquest is saved from a brutal attack by her neighbor and landlord Erica Kirsten-Laird, who also turns out to be her mother's former lover. Tayler becomes infatuated with Erica and finds herself drawn into a dangerous web because an evil witch named Raven Delaire has targeted Erica for death. When Tayler finds that her feelings for Erica are reciprocated, she must find the powers within herself to stop Raven and save the woman she loves. Acker's captivating tale is a full-throttle supernatural thriller (the first of a trilogy) that is as confounding for the reader as it is for Tayler. The elements of Raven's curse and her motivations are revealed as the story progresses, but they don't answer all the questions. And the book could do with a bit of editing (especially that Spanish!) to streamline the story and clarify details, but overall it is great entertainment.	2002-02-02
Utterly captivating	This is the story of how Bilbo Baggins obtained the powerful ring and found sources of bravery and courage within himself through his adventures with the dwarves and Gandalf the wizard. I was spellbound within a few pages and was astounded at how energetic and compelling the story is. And this was published in 1937! I believe the reason for the book's longevity is that &quot;The Hobbit&quot; is about a character challenging himself and proving himself (to himself and to others), which is something to which everyone can relate. This is certainly a masterpiece of storytelling.	2002-02-01
Unrealized desires	Bea is a secretary in Holland in the late 1930s, where she meets a journalist named Erica. Bonding together and sharing an apartment, the two have a stormy relationship because of Bea's unrealized desire for Erica and her empty affairs with men, and because of Erica's self-destructive nature. As the Nazi influence in Holland grows, Erica lives in danger due to her half-Jewish heritage, but only Bea seems to recognize the danger. Erica does confess her same-sex relationships to Bea, but Bea can't seem to figure out where her own desires lie, and when Erica gets involved with the Dutch resistance, Bea finds it may be too late, in more ways than one. De Jong's groundbreaking work is further analyzed by Lillian Faderman's astute afterword. The story brings to mind such novels as \\"Aimee And Jaguar\\", Ebba Haslund's \\"Nothing Happened\\", and Erzsebet Galgoczi's \\"Another Love\\", all set around the same time, and all showing the limited possibilities for lesbian life in Europe during the mid-1900s.	2002-01-28
#20 of the 100 Best Gay &amp; Lesbian Novels	During World War 2, a young Japanese man slowly discovers himself to be different than his classmates and friends. He finds himself homosexual, and to survive he hides behind a mask of social propriety, while secretly learning what he can about homosexuals in the world. Like Christopher Isherwood stated, Mishima could be compared to Andr Gide for similarities in style, but there are differences as well. The story is spare and clear, with some moments of offbeat humor in the midst of painful situations. It's a bit challenging for modern American audiences, but well worth the time.	2002-01-19
The quest for the crown	Shan was living an idyllic life, until the arrival of the conquering Magravandians, who destroy his town and shatter his innocence about men of war. Broken in spirit and body, Shan is taken by the wizard Taropat to be his apprentice, but soon Shan learns that his path encompasses more. He learns the story of Khaster Leckery and his lover Tayven Hirantel, and the tragic events leading to both of their disappearances. Both men have survived and since changed, and Shan feels compelled to bring them back together, if for nothing but closure. Soon fate brings these men together in a quest to claim the crown of silence, which can only be worn by the true king of the land, who it is hoped will overcome the evils of the Magravandian Empire. The story does drag in places, and seems to be filler for the trilogy. Yes, a lot happens to the characters, but in the grand scheme of the story, the book slows the momentum and I found it a struggle to get through sometimes. I was most fascinated when Constantine was telling about the court intrigues and the interconnections between the rival factions. I only wish the book was better, because &quot;Sea Dragon Heir&quot; was so enthralling, and I am looking forward to the next in the series nonetheless.	2002-01-16
Bibliophiliac's thriller	Lucas Corso is a book detective, a mercenary often hired to locate rare editions for clients. After the apparent suicide of a book collector, Corso is called in to authenticate the fragment of Alexandre Dumas's &quot;The Three Musketeers&quot; that's been left behind. Then Corso is hired for a mysterious job involving a book whose creator was burned at the stake for heresy. The two plots converge and blend, leaving Corso bewildered and fighting for his life as those involved die in the wake of contact with Corso. He gets help from a mystery woman named for a woman in a Sherlock Holmes story, but at what cost does this help come? Fully intertextual and entirely mesmerizing, Prez-Reverte's thriller presents enigmas wrapped in mysteries that, when solved, leave the audience breathless. While I too had problems with the way the book ended, after reading the ending again, it makes perfect sense to me in the scope of the story presented here. I was a fan of the movie version, &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot;, until I read this book. Yes, the movie is pretty good taken by itself, but as an adaption it fails.	2002-01-15
Fun and twisting	On his way to visit his friend Hercule Poirot, Arthur Hastings meets a mysterious young woman on the train and finds himself infatuated, but he thinks he won't meet her again, so he does nothing about it. Poirot receives a letter summoning him to a small French town because the man who wrote the letter fears his life is in danger. Hastings and Poirot arrive to find the man has been murdered the night before! Poirot believes that things are not as the police believe, and is determined to prove his beliefs. Hastings meets his mysterious woman again and finds that he has personal stakes in the solving of the case, especially after the second body is discovered, because it can't be just a coincidence that his young woman suddenly appeared, can it? Full of Christie's trademark wit and personalities, &quot;Murder on the Links&quot; is an entertaining mystery that is certain to baffle the reader as it did Hastings and the police. Christie delights in placing numerous red herrings in the path of the reader, and this book is no exception. So just sit back and relax and let Papa Poirot shine.	2002-01-05
A tasty treat	Detailing an intense love affair down to its minute parts, &quot;Solitaire Of Love&quot; is a gorgeous portrait of how loving someone so intensely is as glorious as it is painful. The male narrator loves Aida, but knows that one day she may leave him as she did her husband and her other lovers. She becomes his oxygen, his reason, his erotic muse, which all ultimately proves his undoing. Because to love someone is a personal, private thing, like a game of solitaire, that only the one can enjoy fully. Reminiscent of Violette Leduc's &quot;Thrse And Isabelle&quot;, Slavenka Drakulic's &quot;The Taste Of A Man&quot;, and Kate Millett's &quot;Sita&quot;, Peri Rossi's magnificent story is a seductive look at the realities of sexual passion.	2002-01-03
Snatched to the past	In 1998, the island of Nantucket, and a Coast Guard ship sailing nearby, experience a bizarre storm followed by strange colored lights in the sky. After the storm, they find the stars have changed, and they're probably in around 1250 BC. Those who don't kill themselves or go crazy must find ways to survive, and they do so by forming a new government and militia headed by a former police officer and the Coast Guard captain (who's a lesbian). Things seems to be going well until a Coast Guard officer named Walker seizes the weapons and heads toward what will be Britain to establish his own kingdom. Unwilling to let history be mangled by a megalomaniac, the Nantucket Islanders send their militia to stop his plans. But even if they win, what cost will be inflicted on history? Stirling's highly contagious story is thought-provoking and inventive, although the sheer mass of the story's scope weighs heavily on the reader, making some passages rather tedious. Unfortunately, the final battle of the book becomes a hearty clich, but that certainly doesn't deter from any reader's enjoyment of this story. Provided, of course, that the reader doesn't mind reading about the starring lesbian couple. Even with my hesitations with this book, I am rather eager to find out what happens next, and that's due to Stirling's driving storytelling.	2001-12-31
Chewy	Clinging to his memories of fake snuff photographs, the mysterious narrator named Dennis explores the dangers and taboos of sexuality. Finally, in Holland, he finds himself free of restrictions and is able to act upon his dark fantasies. A fascinating tale of fetishes and deep desires that disturbs as it compells the reader onward. While not as lush as Poppy Brite's &quot;Exquisite Corpse&quot; or as satirical as Ellis's &quot;American Psycho&quot;, &quot;Frisk&quot; charts its own course along similar territory, coming up with a new revelation. And I have to agree that Cooper's writing style can easily put off readers, and I found &quot;Frisk&quot; to be the most readable of his books I've read.	2001-12-31
Luscious collection with a few hesitations	Starring an assortment of black lesbian dancers, this collection of stories maps the styles and moves of these women as they pour their passions out through their bodies. The plots vary from story to story, but Allegra's lush writing style stays strong, although in a couple of stories it's muted when the story stretches past its limits, but the energy picks up again by the time the title novella is reached. It is this passion in the women's lives though that lingers with the reader, whether it's passion for the rhythms, passion for another woman, or passion for what dancing can evoke in spectators or dancers. Allegra whets the reader's appetite with these tales, and leaves us breathless for more.	2001-12-22
Fantastic modern romance	Thorogood's fantastic follow-up to his first book &quot;Outcast&quot; continues the story of Mark and Andrew, two young British men in love and living in a small English town. Moving to London, with its vibrant gay scene, seems like a dream come true for them both, but soon the temptations of drugs and gorgeous men cause Mark to succumb. Mark tries to hide his errors, but ultimately Andrew finds out. How can their relationship survive this betrayal of trust? With a compelling and kinetic style, Thorogood tells this modern gay romance tale in an intelligent and realistic fashion. Certain to appeal to fans of the &quot;Queer As Folk&quot; series, as well as those readers of gay romance novels, &quot;Outside In&quot; delivers a superb modern story of relationship angst that speaks to all gay men. I can hardly wait until the next book!	2001-12-19
Language as liquid	Gertrude Stein's playful and witty story of her life with Alice Toklas (told via the life story of Alice) chronicles nearly thirty years, up to 1932. Crackling with energy and zest, the story unfolds like conversation at a party where Picasso, Hemingway, Matisse, and others are in attendance, and the reader is introduced to them all in succession. Documenting not only their exciting life together, the book also takes us through the dangers of World War 1, as well as detailing Stein's writing activities. Ultimately, it is Gertrude Stein herself who shines throughout the book, through the lens of Toklas, and it is this portrait crisp and alive that makes this the most well-known of her works.	2001-12-16
Utterly engrossing	Festina Ramos is an Explorer, one of the ranks of the ECMs (Expendable Crew Members), who are chosen for dangerous missions because they are not physically appealing. The League of Peoples ensures that life is sacred and that there's no war and little crime. Festina, who is also bisexual (although this has nothing to do with her status as an Explorer), finds that she and her partner have been chosen to go to Melaquin, the planet from which no Explorer has ever returned. Festina is not amused and is determined to survive. Melaquin is apparently the dumping ground for undesirable personnel (like crazed Admirals who refuse to retire) and for various Explorers. Upon landing on Melaquin, Festina finds it's not unlike how Earth used to be. And the similarities only get stronger. And weirder. Did the Explorers who arrived before her and her partner survive? If so, where are they? &quot;Expendable&quot; is a captivating story full of whimsical and sarcastic humor, as well as intriguing social commentaries. It's a fascinating adventure for Festina and the reader who's plunging along, fully involved. I wavered rating the book either 4 or 5, and finally settled on 4 because it does end as one would expect, but that didn't disappoint me in any fashion. Instead it made me want to read more and find out what happens in the next book.	2001-12-14
Here there be dragons	The first book in the &quot;Dragonriders of Pern&quot; series chronicles Lessa's reclaiming of her birthright and her becoming 'impressed' (connected) to the dragon Ramoth, thereby achieving the title of Weyrwoman of Benden. With their depleted dragon population, the Dragonriders are hard pressed to stop the threat of the stellar threads from destroying Pern, until Lessa discovers a way to bring more dragons... I did enjoy the story, but I found it awkward at the beginning, and it moved too quickly for me in some places so that I didn't always get a clear view or sense of place or action. And I never did get around to liking Lessa. She's very petulant, and hardly wavers from there. Despite these misgivings, I still found &quot;Dragonflight&quot; rather compelling and I do plan on reading more about Pern at some point.	2001-12-09
Seas of change	Pharinet Palindrake and her twin brother Valraven are united by their desire to free the hidden powers of Caradore, their home, from the Magravandian Empire, as well as their forbidden lust for each other. When the Magravandian Prince Bayard offers to help them reconnect to the power of the sea dragons, the three get involved in a dangerous game, which fails because of their unbridled lust for each other. A few years later, Bayard's sister Varencienne is brought to Caradore through an arranged marriage to Valraven. She falls in love with the land, and slowly learns its secrets. Through Varencienne, the Palindrake clan has a possible way to reclaim their heritage as the heirs of the sea dragons' powers, but do they want this, when they are controlled by Magravandias? Varencienne struggles to become her own person away from the manipulations of others and find a way to salvage the land she loves for the future. I was almost put off by some of the disturbing incestuous relations, but Constantine's storytelling power held me in sway and pulled me through the grand tale. I was also captivated by how she related the lives of the women left behind in Caradore, while their men were off fighting for the Magravandian Empire. It is through them that the true power of the land is gained (this all reminded me of the movie version somewhat of &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot;, I have yet to read the book, so). A few times I couldn't help but think that Storm Constantine is almost a female Clive Barker in her large stylings and massive storytelling, and this certainly makes me want to read more by her. This is certainly not a book for the dour, but a sweeping epic in the making that explores the place of magic in people's lives.	2001-12-05
A song of love	&quot;Orlando&quot; is such a playful novel, full of richness of characters and commentaries. Written as a love letters of sorts to Woolf's lover Vita Sackville-West, &quot;Orlando: A Biography&quot; follows Orlando from the years of Queen Elizabeth I's reign to late 1928, from the time he was a man to the time she became a woman. With this book, Woolf tried to give a fantasy life to her lover, where she could be a man and be her own person, instead of subject to society's ways. And by itself, it's such a gorgeous story! Especially with the fascinating asides where Orlando is addressing the reader.	2001-12-04
Dazzling	The first book in Craft's new mystery series dazzles, delights, and delivers a mesmerizing puzzle. Claire Gray is recruited to a new university, and offers to drive a colleague home from the airport. So she's with him when he discovers the body of his wife in their home. Not agreeing with the scenario offered by the police, Claire gets involved in solving the crime, and ultimately finds herself in danger. But with so many suspects and very few motives, how can she figure it all out? \\"Desert Autumn\\" heralds a welcome new series full of wit, beautiful backdrops, and engaging characters. Michael Craft's mysteries continue to outshine his competition.	2001-12-04
Still relevant	Machiavelli's brilliant text (I read the N. H. Thomson translation, in the Dover Thrift edition) is sometimes disturbing, but ultimately brilliant in its analysis as to the achievement of political power. His arguments are rational and succinct, and it amazed me how relevant all this was to today's political landscape! Who could have thought that a document nearly 500 years old would survive and remain important.	2001-12-02
At the movies	Isherwood's short novel is autobiographical fiction about being hired to write a screenplay for a movie called &quot;Prater Violet&quot; during early World War 2. There's lots of world politics, of course, as well as the politics of the worldwide movie industry (Hollywood included). Isherwood's writing is superb, and fills this brief space with a lush garden of a story. Here's a quote: &quot;This business about the box office is just a sentimental democratic fiction. If you stuck together and refused to make anything but, say, abstract films, the public would have to go and see them, and like them...&quot;	2001-12-02
Such a stellar mystery!	The first book in Craft's new mystery series dazzles, delights, and delivers a mesmerizing puzzle. Claire Gray is recruited to a new university, and offers to drive a colleague home from the airport. So she's with him when he discovers the body of his wife in their home. Not agreeing with the scenario offered by the police, Claire gets involved in solving the crime, and ultimately finds herself in danger. But with so many suspects and very few motives, how can she figure it all out? \\"Desert Autumn\\" heralds a welcome new series full of wit, beautiful backdrops, and engaging characters. Michael Craft's mysteries continue to outshine his competition.	2001-11-29
A song of grief	Vanessa is a young woman drifting through her memories and imagination, while struggling to come to terms with her mother's death. Her mother was a famous poet whose private spiral into madness held the family together as it forced each person into her/his own separate world. After her mother's tragic death, Vanessa's often-silent father disappears and her brother shifts from place to place, sending cryptic postcards to his sister. Even Vanessa's mother's lover Sabine seems unable to embrace her own grief. Through it all, Vanessa struggles to resurface through the pain, through the family dysfunctions, through the wavering and tenuous hold on reality. She struggles to come back to living and not plummet into madness like her mother. Carole Maso's amazing and brilliantly woven story plumbs the depths of grief in a style totally her own. Swinging from reality to memory to imagination, Maso charts Vanessa's mental state as she climbs back to living. I was often reminded of Virginia Woolf's works while reading, and found myself wondering about possible connections. &quot;Ghost Dance&quot; is truly a book to behold.	2001-11-25
Life in mosaic	In 2057, John Firth Baker, a 19-year old genetically engineered visual artist, is murdered. Katherine Jackson organizes his biography using excerpts from journals, emails, interviews, and Baker's own art, and calls it &quot;The Song of the Earth&quot;, the title of one of Baker's favorite poems. Baker's life was a sometimes sad one, due to the experiments his mother conducted to try to ensure his artistic talents. The science fiction aspects of Nissenson's novel are fascinating: gender wars, technological and genetic advancements. There's also religious struggles with old religions vying with newly established ones. This is also a world where sexual diversity is rather commonplace as well. &quot;The Song of the Earth&quot; is more than a cautionary tale about the human desire to control evolution and destiny; it's also about a young gay man trying to find himself in the middle of personal chaos. And then, after Baker's death, everyone who knew him puts forth a different interpretation of his life and artworks (also included in the novel), and this makes for even more fascinating reading: how each person can interpret another person's life for her/his own ends. Humanity, indeed. Nissenson's &quot;The Song of the Earth&quot; is definitely one of the most arresting stories I've read this year.	2001-11-24
Behind the comedy	As most of the reviewers have stated, I began reading this book thinking that it was a representation of Margaret Cho's stand-up comedy. Well, it is, but not in the way one would expect. It's more about Cho's life and where her comedy comes from. It's about her journey through tragedy and pain to the beautiful places within herself, where she can love herself. Yes, there are parts of her comedy routine here, but more than that, there are incredibly powerful, inspirational autobiographical snippets. I was amazed at Cho's capacity for writing. I found myself drawn into her story, consoling and cheering along with her and her friends. That is Cho's power as a comedian and as a person. She brings us into her world and makes us hers.	2001-11-20
Consumption	Connected to Madsen's previous book &quot;Confessions of a Flesh-eater&quot;, &quot;Orlando Crispe's Flesh-eater's Cookbook&quot; is a hodgepodge of recipes, culinary activities, memories, and dining experiences. Crispe is a famous chef, whose culinary art has intriguing effects on those who consume it. Using all sorts of meats in his dishes (including human flesh and juices), Crispe documents and reminisces about his friends and acquaintances. It's all rather fascinating, but not having read &quot;Confessions&quot;, I was quite lost, like it was all a private joke I was missing out on. Nonetheless, this is an interesting addition to such cannibalistic fiction as Virgilio Piera's \\"Ren's Flesh\\", Slavenka Drakulic's &quot;The Taste of a Man&quot;, and Poppy Brite's &quot;Exquisite Corpse&quot;.	2001-11-18
Ghosts in hats	Julie Bernard dreams of being a detective in Australia, and plays at it sometimes with friends, much to the aggravation of her girlfriend Teresa. Struggling with her relationship with Teresa, Julie meets the alluring Fedora on the same night that a young woman in murdered nearby. Julie soon learns that Fedora isn't what she seems. That is, she isn't a person per se. She is a time-travelling spirit, with a connection to Julie's great-grandmother, who has come to help Julie solve the murder, and locate some missing hats. Really. In a non-stop madcap adventure, Julie finds herself in danger, and unwittingly brings the danger home to Teresa. It's a fun read (and I didn't find it &quot;laugh out loud&quot; funny as the book description claims), and it will appeal to lovers of mysteries by Claire McNab, Mary Wings, and Barbara Wilson.	2001-11-17
Snap to it	Read's book is an enchanting series of vignettes sketching out his young queer life in a small town in Virginia. Often humorous, always poignant, Read's autobiographical essays are a unique view in the ocean of gay memoirs. I thoroughly enjoyed Read's zesty style and often found myself relating somewhat to his experiences. I think it might've been better if it were organized chronologically, but that didn't bother me too much. Yes, I do admit to a bias because I know Kirk (he even mentions me in the acknowledgments!). This is a marvelous book from a writer whose spirit is infused and hardly contained in this book, and by the time the end is reached, the reader is left inspired, uplifted, and hungry for more.	2001-11-13
To choose	Bannon's classic romance focuses on Laura, who's attending university in the 1950s. She meets the alluring Beth, who helps her get into a sorority. Laura is drawn to Beth and slowly falls in love with her. Beth has been dating a slew of guys, looking to awaken her heart, and soon finds herself torn between the burgeoning love she feels for Laura and the deep desire she feels for Charlie, a man. It's a compelling story and reflective of the attitudes in the 1950s, although with a twist: the lesbian character has a hopeful ending instead of a sad one. It's wonderful to see this work back in print because of its historical value.	2001-11-11
Brief and eloquent	This collection of fiction and dark fantasy exploring relationships and first encounters is just amazing. Each story is filled with passion and compelling characters, and yet the book is so tiny! Only a truly gifted writer could achieve what Steve Berman has done in this book. I truly hope he will explore more aspects of the Fallen (which is where several of the stories are placed) in a longer work. If you like Poppy Brite, Neil Gaiman, or Clive Barker, then you'll thoroughly enjoy this book.	2001-11-05
A fun adventure	Lady Cathelin O'Cameron fought during the Crusades as the knight Blacksunne. Returning home, she fights a usurper to her family's estate, and finds love with a former slave named Madrigal. This will certainly appeal to those who love lesbian romances (like those published by Naiad Press, Cape Winds Press, or Bella Books), and also to those wishing for some escapist entertainment. I was thoroughly entranced by the story and characters, despite the high melodrama and historical inaccuracies. &quot;The Sunne in Gold&quot; is a lot of fun, and proves that small presses have wonderful books to offer.	2001-11-03
Canyons of illusions	Barker's new novel &quot;Coldheart Canyon&quot; weaves several stories together into a tapestry of stellar storytelling that is unlike his previous books. Hollywood superstar Todd Pickett sees his star is fading, and after a botched plastic surgery, he retreats to the nearly forgotten place nicknamed Coldheart Canyon to heal. The canyon was named for Katya Lupi, a forgotten star of Hollywood's silent era, who remains alive and young after all these years due to some trapped magic in the basement of her paradise palace. Once the sexually voracious Katya has Todd in her clutches, she won't let go, even when his number one fan Tammy tracks him down and tries to free him. Does Tammy have what it takes to free her beloved idol, or will she herself fall victim to the house's magics? And there's more to this tale than a ghost story. There's the commentary about the Hollywood star engine and how it consumes those it possesses (not that this is a new topic), as well as the power of redemption and forgiveness. This is a much more adult novel than any of Barker's previous books, and I can see its beginnings in &quot;Sacrament&quot; and &quot;The Hellbound Heart&quot;. &quot;Coldheart Canyon&quot; proves that Barker is more than a teller of horrific stories, but rather a teller of tales that reach into our depths and pull out our common fears. I am a huge fan of Barker's works, and I can certainly say that this book does have a few flaws. I didn't always care for the characters, and the ending was a bit too tidy, but overall Barker's genius for telling a compelling story kept me interested, and that is what is at the heart of &quot;Coldheart Canyon&quot;: bearing witness to every nuance of life.	2001-10-29
May the farce be with you	Woolf's only play is a farce about her great-aunt, Julia Cameron, a famous Victorian photographer. The edition with drawings by Edward Gorey is marvelous and succinct. I am not sure I got all the references nor the inside humor (and it all seems like one big private joke [this play was intended for private enjoyment after all]), so I am not as moved as I usually am by Woolf's work, and yet it has a sort of magic and wit. Overall it's a welcome addition to one's collection of Woolf or Gorey, even if it is nearly inaccessible to the layman.	2001-10-25
Journey to self	Jane is a rich young woman living on an Earth remade by natural disasters. She falls in love for the first time with a robot called Silver, and feels like her life has been thrown into disarray. One of her friends, Clovis (a gay man), helps her to be with Silver, and Jane runs away from home to live with Silver in one of the worse-off areas of the city. Silver and Jane live happily for some time, with each teaching the other what it means to be human, to be living, until the company which created Silver seeks to reclaim him due to his &quot;flaws&quot;. Tanith Lee's fascinating novel is the story of growing up, of becoming one's own self apart from family and friends, of developing one's own beliefs and persona. This is the type of book which gets better the longer one digests it. It's a celebration of first love, even one that ends sadly.	2001-10-24
A guide to exquisite living	I thoroughly enjoyed Lippincott's last novel, &quot;Mr Dalloway&quot;, and I was eager to read his new one, but I don't know why I waited so long. &quot;Our Arcadia&quot; is a gorgeous story of a group of friends who create a haven on Cape Cod in order to pursue art in all its many forms (painting, architecture, living, sculpture, writing, loving). In 1928, Lark (a gay man) and Nora (a divorced mother of two) buy a house in Truro on Cape Cod, and seek to people it with fellow artists. The novel follows the next fifteen years as life takes many paths for each of True House's denizens. Taking elements of Virginia Woolf and E. M. Forster (among others), and injecting a wholly American element, Lippincott created a cohesive piece that inspires and challenges standard storytelling. Like Carole Maso's works, &quot;Our Arcadia&quot; seeks to make a new path of literature, and does so with a graceful, feminine beauty. Without a doubt, this is one of the best books of 2001.	2001-10-24
Adventurous	Hiro and Y.T. stop an attempt to take over the world and destroy all the hackers. I found Stephenson's &quot;Snow crash&quot; quite interesting and compelling, but somewhat haphazard. The parts about linguistics and some of the other asides are fascinating and insightful, but don't always seem to be woven into the story in the best fashion. Still, it's a great read overall.	2001-10-17
Continuing	This is the second in the Erika Frohmann series. Kate spends her life drinking until she meets Erika. The two begin a relationship, and Kate struggles with her drinking. With Erika's help she recovers memories of incest and starts to heal. Taylor's classic series is delightful to read and think back to the time when this was so risqu. R21WRF8I233LX4	2001-10-11
A scrumptious tale of coming alive	Maria is a small town Irish girl, who comes to Dublin to attend university. Not wanting to live with her aunt, she shares an apartment with two women, Ruth and Jael, who help introduce her to a grander scope of the world at large. Maria makes a few other friends, but it is Ruth and Jael who are her centerpiece, but when she discovers they're lesbian lovers, she's not sure what to think anymore. She adapts, and tries to follow her classmates and get interest in dating and clubbing, but it all seems flat and uninteresting. Ultimately, a single moment at New Year's clarifies Maria's feelings and helps her realize just who she wants. Donoghue's marvelous first novel is exquisitely rendered, and quite fulfilling. I found some of the middle passages a bit tepid, but this was a brief feeling, and Donoghue's writing captured me again soon after. I am a huge fan of her book &quot;Hood&quot;, and it's wonderful this book has come back into print!	2001-10-11
Utterly delightful	Bridget is the daughter of an apothecary in the late 1500s in England. She meets the swashbuckling heroine Moll, and the two end up having a lifelong love affair, punctuated by Moll's many adventures. Somewhat based on the real life of Moll Cutpurse, a.k.a. Mary Frith, Galford's wonderful story is sure to appeal to those fans of Jeanette Winterson and Sarah Waters.	2001-10-01
A glorious exultation of love	Flannery is a college freshman, new to the East Coast, to college, to the intense attraction she feels to an older woman. When she encounters the woman (Anne) in one of her classes, Flannery spins out of control, and ultimately cannot escape the power of the mutual attraction when Anne and Flannery meet a few weeks later. The two embark on a beautiful affair filled with poetic bliss and patient devourings. As the months pass, Flannery notices a space within Anne that she cannot touch, and finding out what fills that space dissolves the glamour of their love. And yet what they gave each other lingers. Brownrigg's delicious tale is fully akin to such lesbian classics as Violette Leduc's &quot;Thrse and Isabelle&quot; and Dorothy Bussy's &quot;Olivia&quot; (I could certainly name others). It is without a doubt a glorious exultation of love that will leave the reader luxuriously heavy with love.	2001-09-25
Massively informative and enlightening	Wright's accessible book about evolutionary psychology is well worth reading. I don't usually read nonfiction, so I found this daunting at first, but the further I delved, the more I couldn't put it down. Exploring sex, love, friendship, and more through the lens first created by Charles Darwin, Wright uses Darwin's own life to explain and elaborate on the principles he puts forth, all of which are easy to understand and fathom. I found myself taking more and more notes as I went on. It was almost like being back in the classroom! This is a book that begs to be read again and again, and the reader desires this too! I can understand why some readers would think this almost justifies misogyny, but it doesn't. Rather, it explore its roots and explains why it's so prevalent and tenacious.	2001-09-24
Through the invisible door	Richard Mayhew finds his life changed after he stops to help a mysterious young woman. Through contact with her, he learns about a hidden London, the world of London Below, and he can't seem to make it back to his former life. Richard's adventures helping the young woman called Door bring him back to life, away from his steady, plodding life. I am a huge fan of Gaiman's work, and this showcases his talents, but it does have a few flaws. We aren't given enough character development, and the amount of amazing people and views and things in this story is overwhelming, and we never really have time to digest or enjoy them to the fullest. Despite this, this book is still remarkable, and it's based on a great miniseries, too. And this book features two of most stellar assassins ever seen in fiction: Croup and Vandemar. You'll never forget them!	2001-09-04
Fantastical and mythic	Monique Wittig composed this as a parody of Dante's &quot;Divine Comedy&quot;, with Purgatory and Hell as parts of San Francisco. The main character is a lesbian called Wittig, who follows her guide Manastabal through purgatory and witnesses atrocities done to women by men. Lesbians are viewed as monstrous and other, and apparently have their own place here in Hell. It's a fascinating and vivid depiction, and certainly reflects Monique Wittig's body of work perfectly. At the end the character Wittig crosses the Golden Gate Bridge and finds herself in paradise, surrounded by the women she has been able to save.	2001-09-02
While on vacation	The story is told from the point of view of Charles, a 13-year old whose parents went through a bitter divorce after the father found the mother in bed with someone else (a woman). Charles, his older brother, and his younger brother all go with their father on an extended vacation. As they head toward the Beanstalk which ferries people from Earth to the moon and beyond, the kids discover their father is actually kidnapping them. It's not until they travel partway up the Beanstalk that the authorities stop them after their mother finds out what the father is up to. The three kids must decide whether to return to their verbally abusive mother, to travel with their irresponsible father into the stars, or to choose their own destiny. I agree with one of the reviewers who stated that the characters lack depth and are utterly obnoxious through most of the story. It's only toward the end that I actually cared for any of them, and that was tenuous at best. There's a lot of intriguing things in the story: Earth's denizens' self-destructive behaviors, Charles's older brother comes out as gay, Charles comes of age and discovers he doesn't have to emulate his parents. But the characters nearly ruin the book, but not quite. I am sufficiently intrigued to read the sequel, so I am pleased with the book overall, but it's certainly not perfect. An enjoyable, light read.	2001-09-01
Witty and challenging	Blue McCarron is hired by a man whose older sister Muffin has been arrested for murdering a man five years ago and hiding his body in a public freezer. Muffin has confessed, but Blue doesn't buy the confession. Blue is still mourning the disappearance of her lover Misha two years ago, and likes getting the money, but she ends up with more than she can handle when Muffin is murdered in prison and Blue is targetted next. It's a thoroughly enjoyable ride, but the mystery elements get baffling fast and while this could certainly derail many readers, I found Padgett's witty characters and exciting style drew me further in. Like Laurie King's &quot;Night work&quot; and Lauren Maddison's &quot;Witchfire&quot;, there's a strong feminist thread through the story that educates as it entertains. And while the density of the convoluted mystery plot annoyed me until the very end, I highly recommend this book, and I can hardly wait to read the next in the series.	2001-08-31
Compelling, disturbing, powerful	Musil's 1908 novel is a masterpiece about the discovery of and the abuse of power (physical, emotional, sexual). Trless is a young man attending a private school, where he befriends two rough characters, Reiting and Beineberg. The two target the weaker Basini after it's discovered he's been stealing, and the torture and manipulation begins. At first, Trless watches and participates in a listless, detached fashion. He's intrigued by the moral and philosophical dilemmas of committing evil, but this eventually turns to distaste as the beastliness and grotesqueness of their collective actions against Basini mount. Trless begins to empathize with Basini, and after following Beineberg and Reiting's lead and having sex with Basini, young Trless wakes up and disconnects abruptly from his former friends. Perhaps Trless needed these interactions in order to figure out his own path in life? There's much grist for discussion here, and it's certainly not an easy book in subject or language. I read an earlier translation than the one here, but I expect it to be the same. Other books this reminded me of include Garland's &quot;The beach&quot;, Gide's &quot;The immoralist&quot;, Mann's &quot;Death in Venice&quot;, Hesse's &quot;Steppenwolf&quot;, and &quot;Lord of the flies&quot;.	2001-08-31
An entertaining mystery	Cassandra Reilly, a book translator, goes to Venice to help her friend Nicky Gibbons (a bassoonist) when she's accused of stealing a priceless bassoon. Each of the other musicians has her or his own secrets, and when one of them is murdered, Cassandra is as baffled as everyone else (including the reader). And what of the mysterious oboe player Anna de Hoog? When she makes the moves on Cassandra, is there something more sinister in mind? Barbara Wilson's mystery is an entertaining story with many bewildering turns. As a reader, I didn't feel for any of the characters here, but rather I was enchanted by the sights of Venice and the fascinating history Nicky and Cassandra explore about Vivaldi and the orphaned girls who became musicians.	2001-08-25
Magnificent	As other reviewers have noted, the plot of the book differs from the first movie in some significant ways, but the differences don't change the feel of the story, nor the potency. Ulysse M&eacute;rou, a journalist, joins an expedition into the stars. Arriving on an Earth-like planet, they discover humans acting like animals, and apes acting like people. Through M&eacute;rou's struggles to survive, we are treated to a fascinating indictment of societal and cultural stagnation that is a possibility even today. An important point for me is when Cornelius (an ape scientist) is expounding on the planet's cultures, and he explores the lack of progress. He theorizes it is because the apes having been copying only themselves, and not thinking outside the box. This is certainly happening today, in politics and in arts &amp; culture. The book does have a dated feel, but this, for me, doesn't take away from the story. And the surprising ending was something I never expected.	2001-08-25
Under the pink	This thriller set in 1949's New York City stars a wild assortment of characters (heroes and lowlifes), and is a real page-turner. It centers mostly on Blackie Cole, a butch nightclub singer employed by the mafia, who discovers a dead man in the club. When the dead man's sister shows up, Blackie is torn between her growing desire for the uptown woman and her duty to her mob boss. And Blackie's ex-girlfriend isn't quite through with Blackie either. Through a series of mishaps, Blackie's mob boss thinks she's ratted him out, and targets her for elimination. I thoroughly enjoyed the book, and found it rather intoxicating at times. I felt the story as a whole was diluted by the tidal wave of characters populating the novel, some of whom were throwaways lasting a page or so. Some of these details became distracting to me because they seemed unnecessary by the book's end. Nevertheless, I would highly recommend &quot;Under the Mink&quot; not only to lesbians in search of a new romantic thriller, but also to anyone searching for a well-written and involving historical novel. Lisa Davis is certainly a writer worth reading.	2001-08-20
A matter of faith	Victor was a Roman officer in the time of Jesus (whom he calls Joshu; and yes, that one). After Joshu rejects his advances (despite a mutual attraction) in favor of his faith, Victor turns toward an offer of darkness, and becomes a vampire. For centuries he wreaks havoc with Joshu's followers. In the guise of a monk, Victor enters a monastery where he finds Brother Michael, who just might offer the kind of love and peace Victor craves. But Victor will not turn from his dark path, and Michael cannot leave his convictions behind, so what can the lovers do? Schiefelbein's intelligent and potent tale is equal parts thriller and meditation on the boundaries of light &amp; dark (heaven &amp; hell). Despite its typical vampire story ending, &quot;Vampire Vow&quot; is an extraordinary book worthy of high praise. If you adore Ulysses Dietz's &quot;Desmond&quot;, then you will certainly delight in this.	2001-08-20
The story of the last woman	A woman on holiday goes in search of her friends who didn't return during the night. She runs into an invisible wall which surrounds her apparently, and every living thing on the opposite side is dead. Struggling to keep her wits and to survive, she must change from the rhythms of living with other people to living according to the seasons and the animals she must take care of (a dog, a cow, some cats, others). Haushofer's stellar tale is a concise, powerful indictment (much like Atwood's &quot;The Handmaid's Tale&quot;) on the destructive capabilities of our world as run by men. It's through the rhythms of women and of nature that survival is possible through any adversity. My favorite quote: &quot;Loving and looking after another creature is a very troublesome business, and much harder than killing and destruction. It takes twenty years to bring up a child, and ten seconds to kill it.&quot;	2001-08-20
A different world	With a subtle and graceful precision, Jones renders the lives of gay men and boys in Wales and of Welsh heritage. Through varying viewpoints, he explores notions of family, homophobia, coming out, and more in this excellent collection of short stories. Some of the stories tease and beg for more, and there are a few that are just not as compelling as others. All told, this is a remarkable book that will interest anyone curious about other cultures.	2001-08-20
In the beginning	Hastings calls upon his old friend Hercule Poirot to help solve the murder of another friend's mother. As other reviewers have noted, this is Dame Agatha's first book, and her style isn't as it is in her later books, but it is utterly delightful and full of surprising turns. Hastings and Poirot together are an entertaining duo, and quite the reason for reading this mystery, aside from the fascinating mystery itself.	2001-08-06
Imaginative, sometimes comic	Michael is a young doctoral student in England whose thesis centers on the early life of Adolf Hitler. He encounters a physicist who harbors a deep hatred of Hitler (as well as a deep secret), and the two hatch a plot to make so Hitler was never born. The two change history, but the world doesn't turn out how they intended. Michael struggles in this new, disturbing world to find the physicist and to right the wrong, and along the way he finds love with another man. But will this love survive when they try to set the world right? Sometimes fun, always intelligent, this novel can be called a sci-fi comedy, or just a highly imaginative book. Any which way, though, Fry's book is a marvelous read about history and our views on it.	2001-08-05
Skimmers	In 1939 in Amsterdam, two young men (Anton and David) train as rowers, led by a mysterious doctor, who dangles the possibility of the Olympics before them. Blending into the time five years later, Anton sees his city barren and reminisces about the golden time during his obsession with rowing, with the physicality of action, with his odd relationship with David and the doctor. For Anton, his entire world revolved around the water and what he was doing with David because of his lackluster family and world. This was his one time to dazzle, and it didn't last. This novella is an eloquent trip down one man's memory lane.	2001-07-30
A luscious thriller	Jill Fitzpatrick is a private investigator hired to find a missing student. When the girl is found murdered, Jill promises the girl's parents that she'll find who did it. The girl's former poetry professor, Diana, weaves an intoxicating spell of seduction that overwhelms Jill. Is Diana just a simple, thoroughly enjoyable distraction to Jill's mission, or is there something darker hiding behind the woman? After another professor is killed, Jill finds that she herself might be next. Porter's saucy thriller, told through a series of poems, electrifies the senses and rockets the reader to its shocking end. Not only is it a spectacular mystery, but it's also a taut, dazzling story of obsessive, flooding desire.	2001-07-30
Intense, beautiful tribute	Kate Millett returns home in the early 1990s to care for her ailing mother and finds herself mired in the delicious and maddening familiarity of one's mother's love. Kate struggles to help her mother achieve better health, in order to avoid the imprisonment that nursing homes provide. The book is an obsessive blend of the personal and the political (which is Millett's exceptional forte), and the beauty of her writing, of her imagery, of her universality of experience all make this a remarkable memoir. Not only for the conveyance of why nursing homes are such dumping grounds of people, but also because of the beauty of reestablishing a relationship with one's own mother in the time before the mother's final days. It is this graceful, simple love between a mother and a daughter which makes this book shine, and which makes its universality so potent. This is a biography to hold close to the heart, long after the final pages.	2001-07-28
Gorgeous	This brilliant and humorous take on the Apocalypse is just wonderful to read again and again. The Apocalypse fails because the Anti-Christ grows up human incarnate instead of evil incarnate, how intriguing is that? What amazes me most about this book (now that I've read it a couple of times) is the precision of the social commentary which is still relevant, and the moving ending where the reader is left with such a sense of love for the world in all its everyday-ness. Now that's gorgeous storytelling. It's just unfortunate that the horribly ungrammatical &quot;could of been&quot; is so rampant in this book. It was so jarring every time I saw it.	2001-07-28
Slamming	Gottlieb's invigorating poetry is fierce, humorous, insightful, and full of impact. Ranging in themes, this collection is a marvelous addition to anyone looking for something out of the ordinary. My favorites include &quot;A Guide to Kissing in Public for Lesbians&quot; (which blends in lessons fo CPR), &quot;Mastering the Art of Poetry&quot; (delicious), &quot;Shotgun Wedding&quot; (quite moving and poignant). My edition is different than the one offered here, with pictures of Gottlieb. The cover is a lot more arresting.	2001-07-24
Great fun!	Letty Campbell, a chicken farmer in England, sells part of her property to a woman from Texas who's establishing a health resort. Letty's mother, newly engaged, has been receiving mysterious phone calls, which may be from her husband-to-be's estranged daughter. When Letty's car is driven off the road, she can't help but think she's targeted, but by whom? Is it connected to a local escaped convict, or to the health club next door? Letty would much rather spend time with her new girlfriend, than get involved in yet another mystery, but she finds that sometimes there's no choice. It's a thrilling and exciting mystery from an author who deserves more attention here in the U.S.	2001-07-19
Our lives in parallel	Zimler's fascinating story is set in 1506, during the massacre of Jews in Lisbon. Berekiah Zarco is one of the New Christians, those Jews forced to convert to Christianity, but Zarco and his family and friends also secretly practice the Jewish faith. As the massacre overwhelms the city, Zarco discovers his uncle and an unknown woman murdered in the family cellar, locked from the inside. Obsessed with finding those responsible, Zarco, along with his former lover Farid, risks his safety hunting for clues. The two also brave the maelstrom of atrocities to find their missing relatives and friends. I found it difficult to connect with the characters at the beginning, but as the story wound itself into patterns, the book became hard to put down. I was rather surprised at the untrumpeted homosexuality of Farid, which is mentioned a few times in the book. It's treated as part of the texture of his personality and nothing more, which is as it ought to be. I think it's a great book overall, although the parallels to the Holocaust and other instances of intolerance aren't as poignant and clearcut as one would think. Still, it's highly recommended, especially for its historical detailings.	2001-07-16
Family drama	Nava's final Henry Rios has a tepid first half, but it does become more involving towards the end. Henry becomes involved in figuring out what happened when his new-found niece is arrested for murdering her husband. His niece's son Angel ends up living with Henry, as Henry also begins dating again. This is a great example of the movement in recent gay fiction toward family- and relationship-oriented stories. It's compelling in its own fashion, but the mystery thread is rather weak.	2001-07-16
Spellbound	Connor Hawthorne finds herself drawn into a complex mystery after her grandmother's grave in England is desecrated and there's a murder at the house of some friends of her grandmother. Connor and her partner Laura travel to England to strengthen their relationship and investigate these baffling events. As the events take more sinister turns, Connor's father Benjamin and their friend Malcolm join them in England in time to discover that what's happening now is connected to events that happened centuries ago, in all their past lives. Lauren Maddison follows up her stellar &quot;Deceptions&quot; with this enthralling action thriller, unfortunately plagued by many minor editorial errors. Skilfully weaving in pagan spirituality, politics, and fast-paced action, Maddison has written one of the best books of the year, lesbian or straight. The best part of her books is her characterizations. The reader can easily connect with the characters, which is key in any successful book series. This story just begs to be made into a movie!	2001-07-11
Writing alive	This bilingual blend of fiction and non-fiction by the Canadian feminist and lesbian Brossard is as potent as anything written by Virginia Woolf, Monique Wittig, Gertrude Stein, or Carole Maso. Based on a lecture she gave, this book is an exploration into finding new ways of using language. It also addresses the concept of writing in the feminine (especially true in French, where gender is apparent in the language itself).	2001-07-11
Adrift on land	Winner of a Lambda Literary Award, Barrington's memoir chronicles the years after the deaths of her parents during a cruise ship tragedy. Running from her grief, as well as her emerging desires for women, Barrington travels to Spain to work as a tour guide for a winery. There, she submerges herself in her work and in nightly encounters with various men. It's not until many years pass, that Barrington is able to grapple with her grief and visit her parents' grave in Gibraltar. This autobiography is about the struggle to overcome past tragedies and pain, and to finally embrace the full emotional range of one's self in the journey to wholeness. I was rather enchanted with Barrington's style, yet I felt she didn't delve into the depths as much as the memoir warranted. She does address this in the narrative, where she remarks on how people reacted upon hearing of the deaths of her parents at sea. Everyone does deal with tragedy in different ways, and who's to say which is more appropriate?	2001-07-04
Beautiful, crisp	Through the stories of these Chinese immigrant women and their daughters, Amy Tan gives us a story that everyone can access: the story of the past and the future meeting in the present through the relationships of parents with children. I was astonished to find my own view of my relationship with my parents changing as I read the book. I found I could actually understand better where my parents were coming from. Now that's a powerful book to convey that sort of universality!	2001-07-04
New century, new writing	As Hartnett states in his introduction, he intended this collection to be edgy, atypical, far-reaching. And he's succeeded. The thirty-one stories collected here range in topics, styles, and impact, and all in all it's an excellent anthology showcasing both established and emerging talent from all over the United Kingdom, and including the full range of queer experiences. Nicholas Blincoe, Rupert Smith, Christopher Whyte, Peter Slater, Mike Parker, P-P Hartnett himself, Michael Arditti, and a host of others entertain the reader with stories of love, loss, humor, and sex. The best part of this anthology is it being an introduction to these authors many of whom I've never read.	2001-07-04
Peace and war	A Myetran army advances and slaughters nearly everyone in its path. One of the officers, Kire, struggles to obey his conscience  rather than his commander. At Ciron, where the local villagers are a peaceful lot, the Myetrans think they've gained the upper hand, but one of the Cironians named Rahm begins to fight back. By enlisting the aid of the Winged Ones, Rahm and a few of his fellow villagers defeat the army, and find themselves changed in the bargain. There are a lot of themes being addressed here, and not all are successfully elaborated. Delany hints at a lot of things (sexuality, politics, the nature of patriotism, etc), but ultimately glosses over some things in an effort to make the story streamlined. It's a good book overall, and well worth reading. After getting over the slow start, I was rather enthralled, especially by the low key sensuality throughout the story. I'd never really read anything by Delany before, and this book intrigued me enough to check out other books by him.	2001-07-04
Twilight in the garden of law and justice	Harry Starks is a British recidivistic businessman (gangster of sorts) in the 1960s and 1970s who just happens to be homosexual. Told through various points of view of people who've encountered Starks (a lover, an employee, a friend, a former movie star, a professor), it develops into a brooding, deeply fascinating story on the nature of justice and law. Starks is not a heroic figure, but rather a noble one, in a way, despite his dark moods and his knowledge of torture. Definitely one of the most arresting books in the mystery genre I've read in ages.	2001-07-04
Suddenly, years ago	In this final book of the Beresford series, Tommy and Tuppence move into a small town for their final years together, and happen upon a hidden message in a children's book: &quot;Mary Jordan did not die naturally...&quot; Intrigued, they each investigate the mystery from differing angles, finding that the actual mystery dates back decades to before World War II. Yes, the story has a few slow moments, but that's because we're investigating along with the Beresfords instead of appearing at the finale when all's revealed. Dame Agatha delivers a sharp, intellectual mystery, finally showing her fans the actual process of investigating. It might not become my favorite, but I disagree with previous reviewers who called it boring. I was intrigued by the methodologies used by Tommy and Tuppence in investigating this stale crime aeons after it happened.	2001-07-04
Slap my meat and call me dinner	Erika Lopez brings the Tomato Trilogy to a close with an intelligent guffaw burst. Tomato Rodriguez, fresh from prison (she only kidnapped her ex-girlfriend for a few minutes, honest!), finds her beloved San Francisco changed. It's been taken over by the evil Latte People! Ack! Unable to cope with this gentrification, she flees into the desert, where she encounters Miss Fabulous, a one-breasted owner of a radioactive barbecue, who helps Tomato find her inner Hoochie Mama. Misinterpreting her mission, Tomato storms back to San Fran with a new sidekick called Fishstick and proceeds to kicks ass and take names! Yeah! Oh, wait. That's not what she was supposed to do... Lopez gives us the smackdown on society with her sassy characters, meandering meditations, pork on a fork, and sparkling insights. It's a perfect blend of humor and education, and I'll agree that this is her best yet. I only wish the cover was a scratch-n-lick. Alas, maybe next time.	2001-06-15
My heart as the ceiling, above all	These interconnected stories can be read as separate entities, or as a mosaic of the painful, crackling life of a boy searching. The emotions and the story details are literally bursting through each page, crammed in between the words and sentences, and the overall effect is an intoxicating disturbance which leaves the reader breathless, bereft, and strangely fulfilled. The book's journey ends with &quot;Natoma Street&quot;, where the boy discovering the pleasure of pain, and rethreads his journey into a new shape. This is a book to believe in. I'd read &quot;Sarah&quot; last year, and now I realize that I misjudged it, and I need to read it again. With elements of Dennis Cooper, Gregg Araki, Scott Heim, and Tom Woolley, and with a hearty dose of skewed whimsy, J. T. LeRoy is the hurricane rattling the windows of mediocre fiction.	2001-06-13
Queer as family	Ed and Sam are a gay couple striving to blend in among their middle American, somewhat conservative neighbors and friends. Suddenly, they become the guardians to a unique 11-year old boy. A boy with a love of make-up, wild outfits, and zest for living. Scot shakes up Ed and Sam's relationship, their friends, and their lifestyle, ultimately redefining everyone's notions of family. Downing's story is a zany one, full of poignant moments and hilarious episodes. This book is an utterly delight to read. I found the beginning rather without depth, and I couldn't connect with the characters or the story then, but as I became enraptured by Scot and his effect on Sam and Ed, then I found I couldn't put the book down. This would make an excellent movie, in the vein of &quot;The Object of My Affection&quot;!	2001-06-10
Dancing at the revolution	Ceci accompanies an acquaintance to the Amazon Womyn's Music Festival. Ceci is a young woman and daughter of Holocaust survivors who is slowly edging into lesbian life, so she's totally overwhelmed at first. When the opening night's entertainment is sabotaged, her acquaintance suspects Ceci. Irritated, Ceci sets out to solve the mystery, but gets sidetracked when she meets Trudy, who shares her heritage. The two women begin exploring a relationship, and stumble upon the saboteur. Morris uses her extensive knowledge of women's music festivals to give this tale a rich, loving tone. There are many themes here, and it's unfortunate that the book is so short (134 pages!) because I would love to hear more about everyone featured here. This brevity works against the story on some levels, but overall Morris's style wins out by creating a passionate book of coming out in a sea of naked lesbians at a summer music festival. I wish I could go, too!	2001-06-10
Massive beauty	Kerewin is a loner living in remote New Zealand whose solitude is invaded by the mysterious mute child called Simon and his guardian Joe. The three slowly form a strong family unit that is later devastated by their various pasts, their pains and anger, their culture. After some time apart, they each heal and find their respective ways back to each other to recreate a new whole. Showcasing the vitality of the Maori ways, Hulme has used universal archetypes that make this story accessible. Yes, the language is challenging and unique. And yet, like writers such as Virginia Woolf, Hulme uses the words themselves, not just the imagery they convey, to move the story and give depth, which ultimately makes the reading a much more enriching experience. It is a story of humanity's hope through the detritus our world society creates in us.	2001-06-06
Marvelous, insightful	During World War II, in the African desert, a British soldier survives a battle and stumbles upon a German soldier in the same predicament. The two form a truce to survive, and ultimately become friends. Each slowly learns to trust the other, and they share dark secrets. The British soldier was incarcerated for indecency with a young girl, and the German soldier is gay. Brilliantly blending politics, human frailties, and lush storytelling, Maugham's final book is a fascinating tale of two soldier on opposing sides who find common ground in being human. Even though the story ends with one character killed, the book is ultimately hopeful and uplifting in its message of the commonalities of all people. Sheer genius storytelling.	2001-06-01
The joys of being human	Jordy McNeil moves with his mom back to the small town where she grew up. He's always been picked upon, due to his small size and his habits, but when the kids find out his mom's a lesbian, then his troubles get worse for a while. Jordy learns to adapt to each situation throughout his life, which is part of his charm. After high school, he works for a while in Silicon Valley, where he makes a ton of money, and when those empty feelings overwhelm him, Jordy travels to Latin America on a quest for renewal. From there he goes to Seattle, where he falls victim to a drive-by shooting. He flees across the country to Maine, trying to wake up to life again, and it's only through the interactions with his mother's partner Pat that he succeeds in grabbing a hold of life again. Forbes's novel is connected to her earlier novel, &quot;Alma Rose&quot;, but this can be read without reading the previous. Her writing is lively and skilful. This is a beautiful story about finding one's place in the world and in one's family, and about living every experience fully. &quot;Navigating the Darwin Straits&quot; is a perfect example of a book that's an utter joy to read.	2001-05-29
A savvy, and sexy, political thriller	This second Nina Halligan thriller finds the African-American private investigator trying to find who killed and slandered a friend's husband, who was a White House aide. As the investigation becomes more personal, Nina follows the trail to the tiny Caribbean island nation of Misericordia, where apparently the man who killed Nina's husband and children is living under an alias. With her lesbian best friend Anna, Nina travels to Misericordia, where the two find themselves in the middle of a civil war. Kelley's writing is highly compelling and draws the reader quickly into the story with sharp and feisty characters. The ending is a bit of a reach though. And his politics are rather heavily slathered over the story, and sometimes his characters seem to lack depth, but overall I feel this is an excellent political mystery thriller with a great, progressive political slant. It's highly feminist, which is always a refreshing discovery.	2001-05-28
An eerie thriller	While her husband Tommy is away, Tuppence tries to track down an eldery woman who disappeared from a nursing home. She finds she's in over her head as she finds the disappearance is connected to a gang of thieves and to a series of murders of children years ago. When Tuppence doesn't return home, Tommy has to track down his wife, just as Tuppence had to track the old woman. As other reviewers have stated, this is rather one of the more chilling of Christie's stories, mostly because of the psychological nature of the villain.	2001-05-26
One big run	Lieutenant Marosi of the border patrol recognizes the body of his friend Eva who was shot while trying to cross the border from Hungary to Austria in 1959. In order to understand what drove his friend to her death, he follows the trail of her life, and finds Livia, who's in a hospital after being shot by her husband. He finds out that Eva was strong in her beliefs in a dangerous time, and that Eva was having an affair with Livia. Galgczi's amazing novel is full of Hungarian politics, as well as character studies of people struggling with low expectations and betrayals. The book is also the basis of the movie &quot;Another Way&quot;, but the book is much more clear about Eva's motivations for trying to leave the country.	2001-05-22
Finding truth	Neil, a young lad in Ireland, struggles to live truthfully as a gay youth while pretending with his parents and friends that he's just one of the guys. He slowly becomes involved in Dublin's gay community, and meets another guy who's a few years older, but before anything can happen, Neil is attacked by gay-bashers. After recovering, Neil finds that dating is difficult, especially when he's hiding so much, and the relationship sours. Neil comes out to his parents and friends, and finds some support, but everything changes, some for the worse and some for the better. This amazing coming out story does end with hope and a possibility for a connection to combat the loneliness of living as a gay man in a small town. Like Stuart Thorogood's &quot;Outcast&quot; and K. M. Soehnlein's &quot;The World of Normal Boys&quot;, Lennon's book is a potent, poignant tale of what it's like being young and gay.	2001-05-22
Spark	Michael Craft, author of the stellar Mark Manning mystery series, delivered this sharp book back in 1993. It centers on Claire Gray, who returns to her alma mater as a visiting professor, and becomes enmeshed in the life of George, a local actor who's gay and much younger than Claire. Each uses the other for her/his own purposes, ultimately ending in both ruin and success. This book is especially significant because Claire, in a slightly different form, has appeared in the Mark Manning series, and will soon be starring in her own.	2001-05-20
A promising debut	This energetic thriller centers on Adrien who owns a small specialty bookstore (all mysteries) in Pasadena, California. One of his close friends is savagely murdered and the police target Adrien as the prime suspect. When another friend is also murdered, Adrien is forced to figure out the killer's identity before he becomes the next victim. And are the police detective's motives sinister or not? And what about the mysterious journalist who keeps popping up? I thoroughly enjoyed the mystery, but found the editorial errors rather distracting. And Adrien is constantly referred to as middle-aged and he's only 32!! It makes one wonder about Josh Lanyon, the author.	2001-05-20
Brilliant!	I was thoroughly convinced that the Harry Potter books were for kids only. How wrong I was! It's simply gorgeous storytelling that keeps the reader entranced from beginning to end. It reminded me a bit of Clive Barker's &quot;The Thief of Always&quot; in its energy and intensity, and also of anything by Neil Gaiman. I am certainly hooked now!	2001-05-20
Passions	Mark Manning's adopted son Thad becomes the prime suspect when the fellow lead in a local play is found murdered. Mark, with the help of his friends and lover Neil, must untangle the complex motivations to find out who actually killed the boy Jason, and clear Thad before the community acts on its popular opinions. The strength of the Manning series is the relationship between Mark and Neil, as well as the parent-child relationship they have with Thad. There's just nothing else like it! It's not often where we get to read about a male couple's love, emotionally and physically. Meanwhile, the mystery plot twists and swerves to an unexpected conclusion. Leave it to Michael Craft to continue surprising his fans and raising the bar for modern mysteries and gay fiction.	2001-05-15
Astonishing	Modjeska's exquisite novel is told by an unnamed woman who relates her own story, her friends' stories, and the stories of famous women, all woven together to give a greater picture of the lives of women as artists. Virginia Woolf, Stella Bowen, Artemisia Gentileschi, and others are threaded into this vibrant tapestry. The final fable of the princess with the silver hands is actually the single basis of the rest of the book: the idea of women finding their own agency in the world, whether in art or in daily life or in relationships with men and/or women. The language is supple and complex, which might deter some readers seeking light reading, but the sheer beauty of Modjeska's writing seduces and inspires. It's like an essay, but through fiction, as if &quot;A Room of One's Own&quot; were a faerie tale of sorts. &quot;The Orchard&quot; is a powerful book that deserves many visits.	2001-05-15
A madcap romp	When's Jack's lover is killed in a freak accident, he finds himself destitute, unskilled at any vocation, and used to the finer things in life.  After trying to work menial jobs, he stumbles into hustling. He is befriended by a fellow hustler, Ray, and the two embark on a business partnership, which draws them closer. Soon their escort business draws the attention of nosy reporters and the police, and the duo have to put their heads together to get the whole mess sorted out without losing each other because along the way, they've fallen in love. It's a great, airy novel full of fun, innovative sex, and madcap adventures.	2001-05-08
Rallying	Jay Quinn has collected here a great selection of contemporary fiction (two seem more non-fiction, so). His story, &quot;465 Acres&quot;, is a poignant tale of a man facing the man he let get away, and his anguish over the choices he made. Thomas Long gives us a portion of a novel-in-progress that only whets the appetite for more. It's the final day of a reverend, and the hidden parts of his life that are discovered after his death are going to be a shock. There are also outstanding pieces from Dan Stone and George Singer, both giving us a glimpse into being young and gay and in the South. It's a great collection, also including stories by Robin Lippincott, Jameson Currier, and Walter Holland.	2001-05-05
Moody days	Dustan's dark and sexy fictionalised story is about his days existing for sex, drugs, music, and more sex. It reminded me of Jean Genet and Dennis Cooper, yet with a happier ending, if that's possible. The narrator crawls through his days having sex in almost every form, and eventually he finds it all empty, and escapes, in a way. It's rather fascinating and somewhat sexy, but not easily accessible.	2001-05-03
Scottish noir	Kellen and her friend Lee are rock climbing when they discover the body of a fellow doctor. The two women find more questions than answers, especially after more doctors are found dead. Lee is the prime suspect, and Kellen is mired in a harrowing mystery as colleagues are killed and her best friend is possibly next. I found the narrator's voice a bit difficult to follow at first, but I did catch on after a bit, and found the book enthralling. There are a few clues along the way as to the murderer's identity, but it's still a surprise when the ending comes. A wonderful lesbian mystery that's certain to catch fans of the noir genre.	2001-05-02
Ladder	By telling this story in such a deceptively simple fashion, Coelho makes it universally acceptable and, unfortunately, easy to dismiss. I found this to be an amazing story of following one's heart to fulfill one's destiny. The use of metaphors is masterful; I found myself constantly pausing to consider a turn of phrase, a conversational point, a moment of action. I disagree with the reviewer who described this book as not life-changing. Like Daniel Quinn's &quot;Ishmael&quot;, this can be a single step along one's path to a better vision of the world. The lessons the world has to tell us are simple, but actually listening to them is the difficult part.	2001-04-30
A classic political thriller	During World War II, Tommy and Tuppence Beresford follow an obscure clue to a small English seaside town where a Nazi mastermind is recruiting Englishmen to help their cause. But who at the hotel is the mastermind? When a young child is kidnapped, Tommy and Tuppence believe they're on the right track, but are they? This riveting thriller is Christie at her best. It's a noteworthy for the political slant she includes, because that's not terribly common for her books. It constantly amazes me the amount of pertinent details Christie includes for the readers. Some are red herrings, and some are decisive. Agatha Christie was certainly the best.	2001-04-30
Sleeping thrills	This fascinating memoir weaves in facts about sleep disorders (including insomnia and somnambulism) and the study of sleep all in with the story of Hayes's life. Each chapter uses aspects of his life as a springboard for a discussion of things related to sleep. Sometimes the details almost became monotonous or tedious, but Hayes's style kept me interested in the intriguing details and little known information. I learned so much in this book, as well as thoroughly enjoyed the various reminiscences of Hayes's life, like his apparently inherited insomnia, his partner Steve's battles with HIV, and his search for a &quot;cure&quot; for his insomnia. He ultimately doesn't find an absolute cure, but rather he must come to grips with his unique sleeping patterns. This is an amazing memoir sure to fascinate even those who enjoy a good night's sleep.	2001-04-28
Fresh and tasty	This latest volume in the Vampire Erotica series is full of great sensual vampire stories with various couplings (male-female, female-female, male-male, human-beast, and even a transgendered character). Every story is at least intriguing and mentally stimulating, if not actually hot and steamy. The outstanding stories for me are by Raven Kaldera (which includes the transgendered person), Margaret L. Carter (one of the most erotic stories I've read in ages; male-male, human-beast), and Mary Anne Mohanraj. This anthology also includes stories by Gary Bowen, Rene M. Charles, Elizabeth Thorne, Pagan O'Leary, and a host of others. If you like erotica with a bite, then this tome is for you.	2001-04-26
Ghost times	Horace Cross is struggling with his small town's suffocating atmosphere, his family's expectations, and his own homosexuality while it's condemned by his religion. He finds an escape, of sorts, by delving into sorcery, and he conjures a demon spirit which spirits him back through his life as if he's Ebenezer Scrooge. His cousin Jimmy is a reverend living with the memories of his deceased wife, as well as struggling with his own inner demons. Interwoven in these tales is the story of not only the Cross family, but also of the disappearing ways of life in the South, most specifically the lives of African-Americans in the South. It's a potent, rhythmic narrative that draws the reader further and further into Horace's painful tale. I stumbled through some of the beginning pages, but it certainly became more accessible as the book continued. Considered one of the 100 Best Lesbian and Gay Novels, Kenan's &quot;A Visitation of Spirits&quot; is certainly worthy of that distinction.	2001-04-24
Reach	John begins writing a zine to explore his untouched feelings since his parents divorced. He meets Marisol, a lesbian teen who also writes a zine, and he slowly falls in love with her, and nearly destroys their friendship. Through Marisol, John learns what love can be, and he learns how to reach out to his parents and how to listen to himself. It's a poignant story about dealing with the aftermath of divorce, and about a straight kid dealing with a gay friend. I had a hard time getting into it at first, and it wasn't because of the edgy fonts and zine-like constructions. I had a hard time liking John, but that rang true the more I learned about him, that he didn't even like himself really, so how could we?	2001-04-21
A strong debut	Robin's first year at high school is marred by his brother's tragic accident. As his brother lingers in a coma, the family slowly self-destructs, leaving Robin on his own to explore his burgeoning sexuality and myriad frustrations. With sparkling insights and a captivating voice, Soehnlein has written a remarkable book that was an utter delight to read. It did seem a bit much for all this to happen in less than a year, so I had some hesitations about giving it a higher rating. It's like a watered-down version of a Scott Heim novel, and yet I could see that Soehnlein has great potential and I look forward to his next project.	2001-04-21
Song of exhilaration	To open any book by Carole Maso is to begin a journey of pleasure, and this book is a perfect example. While chronicling her pregnancy, and the birth of her daughter, Maso also ruminates on life and death, on literature and art, on every minute detail of living. Each word, each sentences is a flower in a garden of joy, and when the birth begins, the expansive field of flowers is breathtaking, moving, exhilarating, and we the readers are there with her, through the frightening, beautiful, expansive moments of childbirth. Her many lucid moments of whimsy, and the terror of bringing a child into this dangerous world, make this book so real, so endearing, so utterly felt. This is an experience like none other, a writer creating a new work within her body and birthing not a book, but a beautiful daughter named Rose, a beacon of beauty.	2001-04-16
Bleak portrait of emptiness	Framed in a story of drug smuggling gone wrong is a bleak portrait of America in the 1970s and of the people living then, specifically the subcultures. The underlying message appears to be how pointless things actually seemed (the Vietnam War, relationships, justice, life), and yet all the characters (and us as well) just keep soldiering on through the drudge and misery in the hopes that things get better. This is a sometimes difficult read that gets easier as the reader adjusts to the rhythms of the story. As the would-be drug smugglers end up on the run, the storyline picks up speed to its unexpected end.	2001-04-15
Nonstop roller-coaster ride	Bertha is a struggling black lawyer who finds herself dropped in the middle of a mystery when she's hired by a woman seeking legal counsel for a murder not yet committed. Later that evening, Bertha finds a man dead in her office. In her beloved grandmother's neighborhood, a building is burned, and arson is suspected. And then someone breaks into Bertha's apartment. As Bertha finds these events, and more, are linked, she finds her own life in danger, as well as her grandmother's. And somehow this is all tied in with Bertha's own family history to boot. Her life is further complicated (if you can still breathe) by a powerful attraction to one of the cops she encounters. It's a high speed ride that's full of danger and twists, which almost becomes suffocating for the reader as we follow Bertha on her adventure, but luckily, Miller's writing doesn't allow that to happen. I hope Miller continues this series, and gives the readers a break next time and let us catch our breath at some point. Her characterizations are superb and zesty, and the blossoming romance between Bertha and the police officer Toni is realistically rendered, and rather exciting.	2001-04-12
Skewered	What an enthralling read! &quot;Quill&quot; is about Elliot Bernard, who has just published his third novel. His ex-lover Blaise is forbidden by his current lover from reading the book, but Blaise is drawn to it and discovers that it's a thinly-veiled tome about his current relationship. The further he reads, the more Blaise is shaken from the ennui which threatened to engulf him. Of course, he's angered immensely for what Elliot has done to him, but could this new novel actually be a message for him? And in the second part, Elliot's mother takes center stage at her younger son's funeral. Elliot has died, leaving his mother to continue in her struggle to reconcile her son's literary and vividly queer life with what she knows from life in the Australian rural town where Elliot grew up. Ultimately, she finds a sort of strength to claim her own influence on her son's career. This compelling, insightful, dazzling book will delight readers and stop them in their tracks (and not at the distracting typographical errors).	2001-04-10
Remarkable	This is the story of a Taiwanese gay man dealing with the death of his best friend from AIDS. His reflections on culture, literature, and life in Taiwan are fascinating. I was reminded of Rabih Alameddine's &quot;Koolaids&quot; at times. In some of the passages, the writing is rough and dull, and I'm not sure whether that's the translation or the original. Overall it's an intriguing voice that stands out in the ocean of gay lit.	2001-04-09
Invigorating	Farr's epistolary novel about the life and passions of Emily Dickinson is a mesmerizing, inspiring, zesty read. Based on facts gleaned through letters and Dickinson's poetry, the story elaborates on Dickinson's 10-month school career, on her passions for women and for men, and on her final, ailing years. Like Cunningham's &quot;The Hours&quot; and Zackheim's &quot;Violette's Embrace&quot;, it's a wonderful tribute to a woman whose true life is obscured by history. Farr's rendering of Dickinson's school year brought to mind Rosemary Manning's &quot;The Chinese Garden&quot; and Dorothy Strachey Bussy's &quot;Olivia&quot;.	2001-04-09
On a winter's day	Kevin has fled to LA, and remains directionless, until a chance meeting with media mogul Brad Sherwood. The two have what they think is a one-night stand, but Brad is smitten and Kevin goes along for the ride, and finds himself awakening to what life can offer, and not just in material wealth. But can this relationship work when Brad is fighting to keep his media empire and Kevin doesn't even have his own source of income? I was expecting, like some reviewers, another fluffy gay novel, but what I found was a more intelligent, fluffy gay novel. It's a surprising read because it doesn't end with a clich, happy ending, but rather with a more realistic and hopeful one. I didn't become enthralled with the story until towards page 100, and by then, I was hooked. For those who enjoyed &quot;Sex Toys of the Gods&quot; and &quot;Every Man for Himself&quot;, then this will certainly fit the bill.	2001-04-07
Exquisite	This is a remarkable rendering of the &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; tale. It's engaging, humorous, exciting, and ultimately fulfilling. McKinley's writing refreshes the timeless story, making it seem new and vivid. Magnificent!	2001-04-03
Lyrical mosaic	Islas's poetic story is about the Angel family, originally from Mexico, and now living in America near the border. Weaving back and forth across time and weaving the various threads of family members together, it gives a stunning portrait of its various individuals and the whole family stuck on the boundary of heritage, of class, of race, of religion. There's Miguel Chico who's avoiding his sexuality as he struggles to balance his Mexican identity with his American education. His father Miguel Grande loves his wife and his mistress equally, and when he's forced to choose, he finds he cannot. And Miguel Grande's brother Felix who is unable to escape his passions for young men, which brings his life to a violent end. And throughout it all, there's the women in the Angel family who are steady, patient, and at the heart of the family. It's a beautiful, poetic series of snapshots that flows with the reader like the water the desert lacks.	2001-04-02
Great fun	This collection of short mysteries all feature Gordianus from Ancient Rome. I haven't read any of Saylor's other books, so I can't connect them to his others, but I certainly am interested now. This delightful book of historical fiction is rather unique and memorable.	2001-04-02
Classic love story	This classic gay love story is a gripping tale of a closeted track coach who falls in love with his openly gay star runner in the 1970s. As their relationship intensifies, they progress in their sport up to the 1976 Olympics, where they become targets of hate. It's an emotionally involving tale that grabs the reader from the beginning. Maybe some day the movie will get made...	2001-04-02
Our mother the war	I adore Ensler's &quot;The Vagina Monologues&quot;, so I looked forward to reading this new work from her. This dark, insistent play is about two American women who travel to Bosnia to help women confront the atrocities they faced and the atrocities they experienced. Ultimately the two Americans find themselves changing in unexpected ways as they face their ill-conceived notions of what it means to be a refugee. It's a powerful work about the endurance of human spirit, about the effects of war on the women who don't fight the war but only clean up afterwards. As much as I like this play and find it important, I was less moved by it overall than moved by the ideas behind the play. And yet, I find it lingering in my periphery as a reminder, which I think is the point.	2001-04-02
Fire circle chants	Through a series of dazzling prose poems, Wittig tells the tale of a tribe of women warriors overthrowing patriarchy, and she challenges gender constructs through her language. It's a powerful and inspirational book about sex warfare, rather like &quot;The Handmaid's Tale&quot; or some songs by Tori Amos. A definite radical feminist classic worth reading and re-reading.	2001-03-31
Brilliant	Jip's on the verge of coming out to his parents, when he's brutally attacked. Emerging from a coma, he has no memories of his life and must rebuild from the beginning. He's befriended by the androgynous Kasper (a karate instructor) and Kasper's friends, and by some other guys at a local gym. Among this group of friends lurks the man who attacked Jip. This thoroughly engrossing story is told from the point of view of one of Kasper's (and Jip's) housemates who is piecing together Jip's story. It's an amazing book that I couldn't put down even once after I began. This would make a brilliant movie, too, rather like &quot;The Vanishing&quot; (Dutch, not American, version).	2001-03-31
Creeping malevolence	Set in 1950s England at a boys' school, this story of a quiet boy coming under the influence of a bullying older boy is as riveting as anything by Stephen King. Jonathan finds himself more and more under the control of Richard, who destroys anyone who comes between them. Richard is a creature of seething anger, and somehow taps into some paranormal force, which he uses for his own ends. Jonathan must find a way to stop Richard before he can continue his wicked ways. I couldn't put this book down after I started it. The whole mysterious element of who was telling the story kept me going, page after page. Quite masterful!	2001-03-31
Connections	A young woman is found murdered outside a lesbian bar, and Kate Delafield is on the case. The young woman was a prostitute and a junkie who was rejected by her judgmental parents, all of which gives Kate a plethora of suspects. During the investigation, Kate has a brief liaison with a woman from the lesbian bar, and ultimately reconnects with the lesbian community, which she hadn't done for years. And when Kate discovers who killed the young woman, it's a jolt to the reader as well, even if, like myself, you suspected it. Forrest is a gifted writer, showing in her second Delafield mystery the reasons why she has such a devoted following.	2001-03-28
The power of threes	A century ago, a tiny group of humans was stranded on a not entirely hospitable planet. The descendants struggle to survive the elements, as well as their own mutations and infertility. Anas is not entirely male or female, so she's seen as a threat to the community since she's also a lesbian. In order to survive, the community instituted a breeding program which states that all women need to have children. With the unearthing of the remains of one of the planet's native population, Anas finds what could be the keys to the community's survival, but fear of the unknown and of difference rules here, and Anas might not survive to implement the changes. It's an intriguing story of third genders, that is confused by the shifting viewpoints and time periods (Anas's time, the time when the native population's civilization was beginning to end, and the time when the humans were first struggling to survive on the planet). The other storylines give information that Anas could never know, so it's almost necessary to make the novel work, and I found myself more interested in the third gender information than about the characters and the interplay between them. It's overall a great book, but the varying of the viewpoints might put off some readers.	2001-03-28
Choosing	This fascinating epistolary novel is about Charlie (not his real name) and his life, friends, and family, all during his first year at high school. It's about the life of an intelligent, shy guy trying to fit in with his peers, and finding that he really doesn't want to. Charlie is befriended by an older girl (who Charlie has a crush on) and by her gay brother. Through those two close friends Charlie learns more about life in general, and learns ways to live and experience fully. It's a remarkable novel, not only for the poignant intelligence, but also for the way it deals with the issue of being gay: it's just a detail, not a major issue. And it's also amazing how Charlie learns about himself and his own hidden past, and how it's conveyed to the readers. &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; reminded me a bit of the movie &quot;Almost Famous&quot;, where an intelligent kid takes big steps in growing up.	2001-03-28
Electricity of desire	Catherine travels to France to write and to mourn her brother. Her lover Lola tells her she's now seeing someone else (briefly), and this sends Catherine into a depression. She sleeps indiscriminately with both women and men she encounters, acting out her detachment and self-destruction. She ends with Lucien, a man who's her equal in beauty, intelligence, and solitude. Their doomed affair must inevitably end, and each must regain their life back, hopefully before they destroy each other. Maso's style is lyrical and erotic, and is rooted in Gertrude Stein and Virginia Woolf. It's a novel of longing, of desire, of France, and of the world of writers. It also reminded me somewhat of Violette Leduc's work, where it's an honest, unflinching writing that does not shy away from personal pain. Quite electrifying.	2001-03-20
The road to happiness isn't always a highway	Joel travels to a tiny town in Louisiana to meet the father he's never seen. It's a languid, very Southern story of a lonely young boy figuring out his place in the world, and the book is considered one of the classic gay novels. Capote's style here in his first book is a bit awkward in places, but the story is compelling. I think Donald Rawley's &quot;The Night Bird Cantata&quot; will appeal to those who love this, too.	2001-03-19
A quiet surprise	John is HIV+, and with the new drug cocktails and his new workout regiment, he's finding himself with a hot new look and attitude toward life. He and his boyfriend having a falling out, and John unleashes himself into the party culture. His boyfriend realizes he still wants John, and begins to change his own behavior in the hopes of getting John back. I didn't expect much from this romance novel, but I was pleasantly surprised to find how intelligent the commentary on gay culture is. Outland's book is a joyful, smart, fun read.	2001-03-19
Smells like citrus	Winterson's quirky first novel is a blend of autobiography, fiction, and fable. The main character, Jeanette, grows up in a firmly religious household and seems destined to become a missionary. As she interacts more with the world outside the religious community, she finds other avenues of possibilities, and as she matures, she realizes her desires for other women, much to the horror of her family and community. Winterson's style is magical, and the structure of this novel arounds chapters in the Bible is brilliant. I didn't find myself as drawn into the book as I was with Winterson's &quot;The Passion&quot; or &quot;The World and Other Places&quot;, but that certainly it's a detraction.	2001-03-18
Adventure and romance	This is the first of the Tommy and Tuppence series, which begins with the two becoming reacquainted and, being both bored with life, deciding to become adventurers. The two soon become involved in solving a complex plot to destroy the English government, and the key to solving it is finding the mysterious Jane Finn, for whom everyone else seems to be searching. The criminal mastermind behind the revolutionary plot turns out to be someone both Tuppence and Tommy considered an ally. It's a fast-paced thriller that's a delight to read and attempt to figure out before all is revealed. I had some suspicions, and I deduced the culprit just as the duo did! Agatha Christie's books are a stimulating, joyous read.	2001-03-17
Light and fun	Letty Campbell, chicken farmer, finds it odd that the police are reluctant to rule her neighbor's death as an accident. Her neighbor's niece Stephanie and her husband show up abruptly, and then Letty's lover Anne leaves her for another woman. To find some calm in this personal storm, Letty becomes involved in this burgeoning mystery when some letters are found at her neighbor's which are exact copies of ones left by Letty's deceased aunt. After a tryst with Stephanie, Letty begins to wonder about her motives in relation to her uncle's will. And just what is Letty's aunt's connection to those letters? Fritchley's third Letty Campbell mystery is a delightful story featuring plucky characters that'll charm any reader.	2001-03-17
Faster, Sheep-lover! Laugh! Laugh!	Knight's second &quot;K Chronicles&quot; collection is as zany as his first. From birthdays to family relations to touring with his band the Marginal Prophets to being subjected to &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; movie, his cartoons's themes are full of social commentary, neurotic humor, and skewed realism. I think his ones about working at youth hostels and seeing the cultural-centrism of America at work are so perfectly calibrated. He's definitely worth reading, and I certainly wish his comic appeared in my area!<br />Oh, and his comics inspire me daily to stare at the walls and envision drawings of snowstorms (like page 103).	2001-03-17
Don't wash this book	....<br />Keith Knight's book is a madcap look into his world of public transportation, psycho roommates, dating, and cartooning, as well as being an insightful, intelligent look at racism, social politics, and other issues. I especially love the ones about riding the bus and about when Keith and a friend went to a gay bar. My jaw still hurts from laughing.  ....	2001-03-17
Silence's power	Stark's first novel is an astonishing story of the power of secrets and things left unsaid. Sasha (&quot;Shy&quot;) left abruptly years ago, and Alta still hasn't gotten over her. When Shy's mother has a stroke, Shy is forced to come back. The out lesbian Alta and the pregnant Shy struggle to reconnect and together they face the things they left unsaid between them, as well as the secrets harbored in Shy's family. After Shy's mother dies, Shy discovers her true heritage and finds herself finally understanding her mother. By being witness to this, Alta connects to aspects of herself and her relationships (lovers, her mother, her friends). The story is beautifully rendered, and reminded me of Allison Green's &quot;Half-moon Scar&quot; and Aryeh Lev Stollman's &quot;The Far Euphrates&quot;. A potent and moving story of surviving the past, and the cost of this to our present and future lives.	2001-03-13
Light as a breeze	This novel is about Isabel dealing with the suicide of her mother, as well as with her various lesbian relationships. She's ultimately trying to carve a space for herself in her family's history. It's sometimes funny, sometimes erotic, but it seems diluted somehow. Parts of it reminded me of Carol Anshaw's &quot;Aquamarine&quot; (mostly the style). I definitely think it's worth reading, but it just didn't do much for me.	2001-03-13
Fizzled	In the late 1800s and early 1900s, Kiyoki (the son of a great mask carver) forsakes his family history, duty, and lover for his painting, which he pursues in Paris. There's powerful stuff here about family betrayals and about art consuming one's life. I felt so much promise with the story, and yet it seemed to lack closure at the end of the novel. The family estrangements are (rightfully) unresolved, but I was expecting a different ending. Also, I noticed too many editorial errors which I found distracting.	2001-03-13
Adrift	Jon's life is full of detachment (many one-night stands, lots of drugs and partying), and suddenly, almost inexplicably he has a change of heart. He stops all his bad behavior and changes his life for the better. This forced plot development isn't entirely fleshed out enough for the reader to believe in it. The many editorial errors and preachy rhetoric detract from the potential of the story. I wanted to like the book, but overall it's just a skeletal, vapid, yet hopeful story.	2001-03-13
Brave journeys of love	Based on the true story of the first sex change operation, Ebershoff's novel is an elaborate mediation on the natures of love, gender, marriage, and memory. Einar and Greta Wegener are both Danish painters (Greta's lived in California for a while), and Einar's fame is rising while his wife's is stalled. Greta asks Einar to model for her in women's clothes, and this instance awakens something in Einar, and thus is born Lili. Greta recognizes this awakening and encourages her husband in his transformation. Ebershoff admits it's a fictionalized account, and as an inspired work, it's eloquently rendered. Like other reviewers, I felt certain aspects could've been elaborated upon, but overall the book worked for me. I was especially fascinated by Greta's relationship with Lili as time went on, how each suddenly found herself on a different path that didn't include the other. A sad, beautiful tale about loving fully and about by freeing those we love, we free ourselves.	2001-03-13
Caribbean adventure	In the mid-1980s, Janet travels to one of the islands in the Turks &amp; Caicos group to do research on the island's history. She befriends Michelle, an unhappy married woman, and the two are more and more drawn to each other. When Janet stumbles on Michelle's brother's dead body, she finds herself drawn into a convoluted mystery of hidden agendas, political corruption, and blackmail. She continues her research and finds some rather intriguing information about one of the famous denizens (which reminded me of Patricia Powell's &quot;The Pagoda&quot;). Like the other reviewers, I found the book fascinating, as well as sensual and compelling. The love affair doesn't end happily, rather hopeful.	2001-03-06
A journey of discovery	Two teenagers from New Zealand struggle to deal with their friend Jerome's suicide. Katie, an exchange student now in America, and Marco, who's still in New Zealand, exchange a series of letters and emails where they strengthen their friendship and recover from Jerome's death. When Katie tells Marco she's a lesbian, and reveals her true relationship with Jerome, Marco is forced to reevaluate his friendship with both Katie and Jerome, and ultimately he comes to some truths about himself as well. It's a moving portrait of self-discovery, grieving, and the bonds of friendship that's certain to captivate all readers.	2001-03-05
A basic introduction	This book, aimed at a younger audience, contains a dense body of information about the beginnings of the Gay Rights movement, from 1969 to 2000. It's highly informative, if a bit dry. It's also extremely neutral in its treatment of both pro-gay and anti-gay politics and beliefs, although the book overall is more gay friendly than anything. A good, basic introduction.	2001-03-04
Waiting to stop waiting	A young narrator attends college in a small Georgia town, and becomes the lover of a famous rock star. Their relationship is destroyed by the narrator's passivity and the lover's celebrity (the tours, etc.). Martin's sparse and near poetic style is rather intriguing, but overall it left me wanting.	2001-03-04
A chance to change	I haven't read the other books in the Magic Shop series, but I found this tale quite enthralling. Charlie, a 6th-grader and habitual liar, acquires a magical skull that causes him to be unable to lie. His family is affected by this, as well as his friends, and later other members of their community. It's a poignant tale of learning the power of truth and learning to deal with its consequences. There are serious topics in this book (cancer, homosexuality, environmental protection), and it's all handled clearly and positively. I certainly recommend it to adventurous younger readers, as well as older readers wishing to reminisce about those magical, younger days.	2001-03-04
Epic masterpiece	This was one of the books I've been meaning to read for a long time, and when I finally began reading it, I was utterly engrossed in the story. With the movie and the TV miniseries both available, it's superfluous to state the plot, so. And the story of a young boy becoming a hero isn't new, but the vivid geographies of Dune and the subtle complexities of life on Dune and in the Imperium are fascinating, and all make this a science fiction masterwork. It's got something for everyone: political intrigue, warfare, romance, evil vs good, spirituality. But it's definitely the Fremen and the planet Arrakis (Dune) that cativate me. I'm certainly going to read the rest of this series.	2001-03-03
Memorial to a monument	This is a breezy and fascinating memoir of Merrill and Jackson and their relationship as seen through Lurie's eyes. Lurie befriended Merrill, and through him Jackson, and was a witness to their love affair, its ups and downs, and Merrill's literary success with his epic poem &quot;The Changing Light at Sandover&quot;. Lurie gives insight to the epic's origins by describing the couple's sessions with a ouija board. She also elaborates on Jackson's influence on the epic, a fact which the world seems to want to ignore. Merrill and Jackson's relationship deteriorated as the epic poem gained in popularity, and by the time of Merrill's death in 1995, the two men were hardly speaking. Lurie has written a poignant memoir of her friends, and I thoroughly enjoyed it, and yet it seemed distant, almost through glass. It was as if the book is just a series of thoughts about the two men, without even attempting to make us feel as close to them as Lurie did. I definitely do recommend it to fans of Merrill, as well as those interested in the lives of artists and writers.	2001-03-03
Words as blooming	These essays about literature (Maso's and other writers's), the act of writing, about Maso's own life are essentially an awakening, an alarm call to a new way of envisioning stories. I'm not familiar with William Carlos Williams, whom she credits as an influence, but I am familiar with Gertrude Stein and Virginia Woolf, whose influences are apparent in the novels I've read by Maso and in the techniques she uses to express. With each essay I was astonished at the innovative and dazzling approaches to language. In the essay &quot;The Re-introduction of Color&quot;, Maso explores her struggle to find her writing self against the pressures of conformity and convention. This book is inspirational, educational, exquisite. Any writers or serious readers looking for ways to shake the trees of literature's stale greats will delight in this collection of essays, and each reader will find herself or himself challenged, seduced, and ultimately released.	2001-02-26
What's simple is true	Although marketed for those living with AIDS or other potentially terminal illnesses, this book is much more than a survival guide or a gay positive self help tract. It's an inspirational look at how we can change our lives by looking inward to our hearts, minds, and souls to create a heightened awareness of ourselves and our place in the world. Sometimes the language seems simplistic, but this actually helps convey the messages the authors want to tell us. That when we're angry or upset, there are underlying reasons and causes that often have nothing to do with the incidents that caused the emotions. With a mix of humor and universal spirituality, Kraus and Borja have given us a book for transforming our lives from the inside out. There's also a marvelous analysis of the death of Diana, the former Princess of Wales, in terms of modern mythology, and in terms of why this affected the entire world, while the death of Mother Teresa had less impact. Give your soul a treat!	2001-02-24
If titles were true	Dunford's wonderfully madcap novel is equal to those by Christian McLaughlin or Robert Rodi. I found it wildly entertaining and engrossing, and so funny! The story centers on Mitch, a Toronto writer who makes his money being an office temp and by writing gay porn, but he dreams of being a famous screenwriter. When a mysterious woman brings him a story idea for a movie she wants to make, Mitch thinks it's his big break. But then he discovers that the story idea is based on a real life murder mystery, and that the mysterious woman isn't who she said she was. The adorable Dunford gives us great commentary on the art world (paintings, movies, acting, writing) that's as witty as it is intelligent. I wish this story were being made into a movie. It would certainly be one of the best comedies!	2001-02-20
Get out the map	What an incredible collection! This collection of poems and autobiographical stories is full of politics, poignant observations, philosophies, all to an indigenous beat, and all bearing witness to the madness of our world. And especially to the atrocities done in this world, past and present. By letting us see through her eyes, Harjo makes the politics personal, and brings the novice reader into her fiery views, making us feel and see in different ways. I was most affected by the prose stories between the poems. And judging by the other reviews, this isn't even Harjo's best work overall!	2001-02-20
Reconfigurations	The stories in Bloom's collection seem to all be about things (bodies, lives, relationships) reconfiguring. A few of the stories seemed flat, but overall this book is a potent mix. I especially loved &quot;The Story&quot; (about a woman making a new life for herself after maneuvering a wife out of her life), the title story (about a mother who's helping her daughter become a man), and &quot;Rowing to Eden&quot; (about a woman with breast cancer, her lesbian best friend, and the woman's husband who all find their relationship shifting into new territory). I think Bloom's capacity for expressing through small details is exquisitely evident in this collection. She has a knack and that makes these stories come alive. Even with my hesitations about a few stories, I still believe this book is worth going out of one's way for.	2001-02-18
Adventurous	Thom Gunn's poetry is marvelously crafted and filled with intriguing imagery. His series of poems about Jeffrey Dahmer is rather thought-provoking. For me, his poetry doesn't have an emotional impact, but rather a mental one. I prefer fiery poems, that rattle my brain and shake my worldview. Gunn achieves that in some poems, but not all in this collection. I can see why he's highly acclaimed, though. It's just not my taste.	2001-02-18
The risks of love	I adore Winterson's style, which always is magical, moving, and marvelous. Here, in &quot;The PowerBook&quot;, she has created a book that contains a doomed love affair, potent observations about time and space, autobiographical snapshots, and vivid imagery. It's as if the narrator {sometimes called Ali, and later referred to as Orlando (a reference to Virginia Woolf)} and the lover create a world via the internet, where they change gender and geographies and centuries with ease. It reminded me of Woolf's &quot;Orlando&quot;, as well as &quot;Prozac Highway&quot; by Persimmon Blackbridge, which includes a wonderful internet romance. &quot;The PowerBook&quot; is delightfully innovative in incorporating internet imagery into the book, and the love affair is quite beautifully written. I don't think the book ended well, especially in the last chapter section, where it seems to meander and then snaps back to a quick end. This seemed to dilute the novel, and left me a bit bewildered. I did love the novel overall, though. Winterson's use of language is always a treat.	2001-02-16
The truth of scars	Finch Nobles tends a cemetery in a small Southern town. She was badly burned as a child, and subsequently never made many friends. Among the living, that is. Finch has been able to talk with the dead for a long time, and considers them her friends. She does things for the dead that they cannot do, thereby helping them be released from their burdens. The closest thing she has to a friend among the living is Leonard, who's the sheriff, but Finch seems to have a crush on one of the ghosts, Lucy. Through the tale of Finch's scars, and the hidden scars of the town, Reynolds explores the power of healing and the power of touch. This book is simply gorgeous overall. I love the way Reynolds also sneaks in social tolerance after one of the dead is discovered to have been a transvestite in life, and the whole town turns against him, even though he's dead. He was a good person, but a tiny detail made a difference in the town's view. The novel might have been a bit longer to better develop some of these concepts and connections, but its length doesn't take away from the power of the novel, because by leaving some connections to the reader, Reynolds gives a nod to readers' intelligence. Not everything needs to be spelled out.	2001-02-14
Mother + child	Ninah's life in the tiny spiritual community is one full of prayer, doctrine, and storyweaving with her grandmother. When she becomes pregnant by her step-nephew and prayer partner, things shift not only in her life, but also in the community itself. Her son Canaan is born, and heralded as the new messiah by some of the community due to his birth defect (his hands are joined). Ninah struggles to bring true joy to her own life, her son's life, and to bring peace and truth back to her community. Reynolds challenges rigid, blind spiritual indoctrination in her second novel, using her crisp and evocative style. I was reminded of Anita Diamant's &quot;The Red Tent&quot; because of the strong feminine spirituality present, as well as the questioning of blind faith. This is the most well-known of Reynolds's books, but I feel it's not her strongest.	2001-02-12
Finding her voice	Jael grew up poor and the object of sexual advances which she could not fend off. She escapes into the woods, and lives there for a time until she is 'rescued'. She hears voices and sees people that aren't really there, and that becomes her private reality which helps and heals her. Jael's journey is not only to heal her wounds from incest, but also to find her own voice that is not clouded by other people's views. Sheri Reynolds has crafted a massively moving portrait of a woman finding a way to her true self, that is crisp and gem-like in its brilliance. It's more than a story of an incest survivor. It's about all survivors, those who've been led to believe one thing, but know in their hearts something different, something more true. Like &quot;When Rabbit Howls&quot;, this book is a potent story of survival with spiritual leanings that leaves the reader nearly breathless. A beautiful novel.	2001-02-11
A taste of impact	Since this is the first thing by DeLillo I read, I was unprepared for his style, which can be off-putting to first time readers, but with a little effort, it builds its own rhythms. Through the almost madcap story of Jack Gladney, a Nazi professor, and his patchwork family of kids from previous marriages, DeLillo presents a concise evaluation of mass consumerism and the fear of death. I agree with one of the previous reviewers that the characters seem almost two-dimensional, but it serves a purpose. It was during the episode of the airborne toxic event that I connected to DeLillo's use of modern absurdity to make us look at ourselves and our culture in a new fashion.	2001-02-06
Politics &amp; love	Kranz's remarkable novel is a hefty mix of comedy, politics, and the daily grind of love in all its forms. Flip's psychic boyfriend Warren doesn't fully support his fledgling acting career. Rosie, Flip's sister, is juggling what could be her first union strike with her so-called dating life. While Flip and Warren's relationship struggles, Warren's estranged sister sends her biracial daughter into Warren's life, causing him to adjust to life in totally new ways. Kranz changes viewpoints through the story, making it a mosaic of life in New York City, and this is one of the strongest aspects of the story. The most potent aspect of the story is Warren and Flip's love. It's incredibly tangible in its constant variations from positive to negative to inbetween. Like real life, their love is inconsistent with one saying something honestly to the other, and watching as it's misunderstood. And it's this honesty that resonates with the reader, drawing us further and further into the book until it's unquestionable that this book would be set aside. If you want to give yourself a fulfilling, joyful treat, grab this book and settle into a comfortable chair.	2001-02-05
Weight of life	Through the story of Walter, who wants to be a great ballet dancer, Hamilton explores the notions of family and friendship, and like the movie &quot;In the Gloaming&quot;, it's more about the aftermath of a death in the family than about the death itself. When Walter's brother dies young, his entire family, as well as Walter's own friends, are affected in ways even they don't anticipate. Hamilton's writing is eloquent, although sometimes she veers into being tedious and saccharine, but overall the story is marvelous in its depth, pacing, and ideas. I can certainly see where some readers would be put off by the almost plodding nature of the storyweaving, but it takes on a rhythm of its own, and lends a semblance of grace to the book.	2001-01-30
Arctic thriller	This is the first by Koontz I've read, and I do agree that he has a great style, especially with pacing and suspence. This story of Arctic researchers stranded on an iceberg with a timebomb, as well as a psychotic killer, is quite fun, but I felt it was almost stereotypical. I didn't figure out who the killer was, but I fairly knew it would all end well. Granted, this book was originally published in 1976 (under the title &quot;Prison of Ice&quot;), so it's a bit dated, but still. It's an exciting read, and for mind-candy it's quite great. Even though I was unimpressed by this book, I will definitely read others by Koontz because his style is quite compelling, and that was what I was captivated by while reading.	2001-01-30
Portrait of a troubled artist	I agree with the previous reviewer that this is more of a snapshot than a meticulous biography, but in this short space, we are given a fascinating glimpse into the life of Woolf through the gaze of Nicolson, the son of Woolf's lover. Nicolson gives us a full sense of Woolf's history, as well as the influences on her life, her art, and on her death. The final chapter where he describes the final days before Woolf's suicide is quite moving and informative. I finished the book with an even greater love of Woolf and her work, as well as a deeper understanding of her ways.	2001-01-16
It's about time	As another reviewer noted, I've been waiting for this sort of collection for years. With authors new and others familiar, this book, edited by Rowe, is a marvelous addition to any horror fan's shelf, gay or straight. I will admit that there are a few stories that seem out of place or are outright vapid, but overall I enjoyed this collection, especially since it introduced me to new writers whom I've not read. One story is about lesbians, but the majority contain gay men. From eroticism to terror to magical realism, this collection runs the gamut of horror fiction, offering up a smorgasbord of dark delights.	2001-01-15
Finding love, life	Forster's posthumously published novel of one man finding his own way, despite society's expectations, is one of my all-time favorite novels. Re-reading it now, after many years, was a joy. Following Maurice's failed relationship with Clive, which ends in Clive's marriage, to Maurice's encounter with Clive's groundskeeper Alec, we watch Maurice battle the will of society to fit in, marry, and produce heirs, and ultimately decide to follow his own heart and embark on a life with Alec. Even Clive admonishes Maurice's decision at the end, and yet we're left with a sense that Clive is envious. While it's about being true to one's self no matter what society expects, it's also a potent commentary on class and on what it means to be an outsider in the pre-World War 1 era. A classic novel, that is happily listed among the 100 Best Lesbian and Gay Novels.	2001-01-08
In the beginning	Tommy &amp; Tuppence Beresford take over a detective agency for Scotland Yard, and delve into a variety of mysteries, domestic and international. With almost every adventure, Christie users other literary detectives as inspirations for the Beresfords to solve crimes, including her own Hercule Poirot. I haven't read Christie in ages, and it was a delight to do so again. Her plotting is marvelous. My favorite thing about Agatha Christie's works is her ability to portray human nature in all its details, thereby providing clues to motives. I learn a lot from her books!	2001-01-08
More, more, more	In the latest collection by Bechdel of her award-winning series&quot;Dykes to Watch out for&quot;, she chronicles the lives of hercharacters with wit, intelligence, and charm. I am continually amazedat Bechdel's ability to educate readers through her characters,especially about grassroots politics and modern dyke life. My favoritepart of this particular book is about Lois and her attraction to afemale-to-male transsexual. Wait, it's really about how Mo and Sydneyhave...  while each is at work. Umm, no, it's... Well, I just can'tpick one! I love it all.	2001-01-07
Subtle in its potency	This book centers on Marnus, who's living in South Africa in the 1970s. His father is an Afrikaaner general, and Marnus parrots his family's beliefs on race, religion, and class, until a visit from a Chilean general to his family's house for a week forces Marnus to several realizations about his country, his family, and himself. By telling the story from Marnus's young viewpoint, Behr creates a fascinating portrait of apartheid in South Africa, and of the reality of whites there who are blind to their own cruelties. The reader is drawn into making her/his own decisions about the various hypocritical statements. This story is ultimately about the loss of innocence. Behr also weaves flashforwards about Marnus fighting in the Angolan war in the early 1980s, showing us the future effects. A searing and vivid story that brings the reader further and further in until it's impossible to leave without knowing how it ends.	2001-01-07
A life of Sappho	There is not much known about the life of Psappha (apparently a more accurate spelling of Sappho). Bell's book imagines Psappha's life, keeping rather true to the facts that are known. Psappha is exiled from her homeland of Lesbos, and ends up in what's now Sicily. She marries a man, becomes lovers with an African warrior queen (Gyla), and has a daughter. After the death of her beloved husband, Psappha begins teaching and becomes the famous Poetess we now know her to be. She and her entourage travel back to Lesbos to continue the teachings, and Psappha lives her life there with her African queen, and in Gyla's absence, becomes lovers with a fisherman. Bell gives us a heroic, yet tragic end for Psappha and her beloved warrior queen, which feels a bit melodramatic. Bell writes beautifully, and several passages in the novel are rather evocative of life in Psappha's time, and yet this style isn't continuous throughout. Overall, this book is a delightful and heartening story of one woman's journey to happiness.	2001-01-05
Oh, Lucia!	If you can imagine TV's Aaron Spelling writing his brand of witty and campy fun in an English town in the 1920s &amp; 30s, then you can imagine Benson's Lucia series. I'd often heard how great the series was, and finally got around to reading the first book. What a delight! It's been ages since I've read a book that simply glided off the page. Lucia is the center of Riseholme's cultural life, and without her, life just couldn't be the same, right? With her husband Peppino, and her sidekick Georgie (so repressed he's nearly an origami flamingo), Lucia controls the fads and fashions of Riseholme. When a diva opera singer moves into town, Lucia finds herself knocked off her throne, and all but declares war on the upstart. Full of devious gossip and fascinating characters, this story is wonderfully enjoyable, as well as incredibly intelligent in its rendering of small town life. I can hardly wait to read the entire series, or see the &quot;Mapp and Lucia&quot; miniseries.	2001-01-05
Like a twisted &quot;Dangerous Liaisons&quot;	Elisabeth and Paul, siblings, are orphaned in adolescence and build a private, closed world for themselves that slowly isolates them in their own brand of madness. When Elisabeth discovers that Paul is falling in love with a girl named Agatha (who reminds him of his childhood love Dargelos), she manipulates Grard (who's in love with Elisabeth) into marrying Agatha. Paul tries to kill himself and confesses to Agatha, and the two piece together Elisabeth's treachery, leading to the story's final, implosive end. Cocteau's novel is magnificent, and wait until you see the movie based on this...	2000-12-28
Excellent until the end	Wilson continues his award-winning style and pacing, as well as the intense rendering of Ben Justice's climb from his pit of self-destruction. The mystery plot begins strong, yet it plummets to a disappointing clich ending. Justice is hired to write a book refuting claims that a dead Hollywood star was a pederast. He finds the star's daughter dead and seeks her killer. Along the way he stumbles into a boy trade reaching into the highest levels of Los Angeles's social structure. The problem I had with the plot was the actual culprits and their reasons for doing bad things. It was just such a let-down from what I was expecting from Wilson's level of excellence. I am happy with the characterization of Justice, most especially his achievements on the road to recovery. I hope the next in the series overcomes this stumble.	2000-12-28
Lively &amp; fascinating whodunit	Bestselling author Penny Varnavides is killed in a unique fashion, much like in her forthcoming novel. Her lover Meredith is suspected of the crime, so their friend Lindsay Gordon returns to Britain to clear Meredith. As Lindsay untangles the web of the British literary world, she alarms the killer who in turn targets her. In her fifth Gordon mystery, McDermid has crafted a marvelous and enchanting book that will keep readers guessing until the final dozen pages. McDermid's take on the literary world is a strong point to the story, as is her characterizations, all of which is why she is one of the best in the mystery field.	2000-12-28
A powerful story of love and identity	Clearly based on the life of Billy Tipton, Kay's first novel is a beautiful story exploring the ideas of identity, parenthood, and love in much the same manners as Emma Donoghue, Keith Ridgway, and Colm Tibn. Joss Moody, the celebrated African-Scottish jazz trumpeter, dies, and his widow retreats to their remote Scottish cottage to mourn. Their adopted son Colman, and the rest of the world, are shocked to discover that Joss was biologically female. Colman spirals into anger and falls victim to a tabloid journalist intent on a gossipy bio of Joss Moody, but he ultimately comes to terms with his father and himself. What resonated the most with me was the focus on Colman coming to a new realization of his relationship with his father. Kay's style is wonderful, and justifies the Lambda Literary Award it won.	2000-12-27
A fine, strong debut	I had some hesitation when I began reading because I wasn't sure whether Rice had gotten published due to talent or his famous parents. Well, after finishing the book, I think it's mostly due to talent, although having famous parents may've been an asset, so. Although he doesn't really cover new ground plot- or storywise, Rice creates a fascinating web of intrigue among the various characters that speeds to its evocative ending. He definitely writes with that Louisiana-gothic feel, with an incredible emotional darkness that reminded me of Patrick Redmond and Scott Heim somewhat. This novel has an amazing texture that would lend itself nicely to a big budget movie. Christopher Rice has certainly proven himself with this book that he has inherited the talents of his parents.	2000-12-27
A hidden star	It's quite a tragedy that Casey never completed a novel before committing suicide. This collection of his works (some translated into English for the first time) is an amazing taste of his burgeoning style. Casey was a friend of Virgilio Piera and Severo Sarduy, so I was eager to read these stories. He created tight worlds that convey much in their brevity. Stand-out stories for me include &quot;Homecoming&quot; (where a man returns to Cuba where he's arrested and tortured for unknown reasons), &quot;The Execution&quot; (similar to &quot;Homecoming&quot; where a man is arrested for a crime he didn't commit, and yet he never speaks a word in his defense), and &quot;Piazza Margana&quot; (which is a brilliant love story in the style of Piera or Poppy Z. Brite). Some stories are difficult to fathom, and yet it's evident the potency Casey had in his writing, especially when writing about his Cuban heritage and his ambivalent sexuality.	2000-12-16
Eloquent and savory	These various tales of women growing up queer and as tomboys in the Yukon are all amazing in their wit and their power. Coyote is a member of Taste This, whose book &quot;Boys Like Her&quot; is still one of my favorites. Two of my favorites in the book are &quot;You're Not in Kansas Anymore&quot; where the narrator (Coyote) faces the name she was given at birth and finds one that reflects her real self, and the last story, &quot;Red Sock Circle Dance&quot;, which concerns families of choice and a sort of passing the queer torch to a younger generation of queers. I wish this book were longer!	2000-12-16
Intriguing and sensual	Flesh's new book concerns Stephen, a man who may or may not be dying of AIDS, who is mourning the loss of his lover Robert who died 3 years ago. Stephen is visited by a group of cultists, where he experiences a sort of awakening. The end of the world is coming and he is not prepared. Stephen then begins an inner journey in the world where he finds God's true nature as well as his own. Flesh's style is potent and beautiful, and I found the book quite mesmerizing, and yet certain sections seemed to need more fleshing out. As perfectly as I could visualize this story as a movie, I never entirely connected to Stephen as a person.	2000-12-16
Tea with Gorey	Theroux's short book delves into Gorey's persona and influences and gives us a tantalizing glimpse into the world of the much missed Edward Gorey. By limiting himself to his friendship with Gorey, Theroux preserves the air of mystery surrounding the writer and artist. This volume is a welcome addition to anyone's collection of Gorey books and collectibles.	2000-12-14
Romance -- for men	I read McLaughlin's &quot;Sex Toys of the Gods&quot; a few years ago, and I finally got around to reading his first book. It's as fun and sexy as his second book! Alex Young begins working on a soap series, and ends up dealing with a starlet boyfriend, his public outing in a gossip rag, and his lingering feelings for Nick, the man Alex has always loved. Like Orland Outland's &quot;Every Man for Himself&quot;, this book includes commentary on gay culture within a fluffy story of gay men's romance. A really great read and perfect for a relaxing night at home.	2000-12-14
A chilling glimpse	I read this after seeing both the American and French movie versions, so my reading was colored, but certainly my enjoyment wasn't affected. Highsmith's style is incredibly captivating. Tom Ripley is sent to Europe to coax Dickie Greenleaf home. While there, Ripley becomes enamored with Dickie and his lifestyle, and in a passionate rage, Ripley kills him. Ripley begins living as Dickie, until the police begin circling closer to the truth, and Ripley uses every talent he has to elude them. The precursor to such books as Michael Pye's &quot;Taking Lives&quot;, Highsmith's noir thriller is a fascinating character study of a man intent on changing the circumstances of his life at any cost.	2000-12-14
Crisp and potent stories	Like a melding of Jeanette Winterson with the ominous tones of Scott Heim or Janet Peery, Williams's set of stories is deeply affecting to readers. Lurking dangers affect each character in different ways. The most striking thing about her writing is the use of powerful metaphors that are almost subtle. Check out &quot;Bromeliads&quot;, &quot;The Little Winter&quot;, and the title story to taste what Joy Williams is about.	2000-12-14
Scathing and sexy	Hartnett's tale of one gay man's adventures in the personal ads is quite dark and without catharsis. But it certainly is fun! Liam is getting over his lover's death and begins entertaining himself with answering personal ads. This progresses to placing elaborate personal ads just to see whom he'll attract. Through the hot sex and the wild stalker, Liam finds out a lot about himself as well as the nature of those answering personal ads. Hartnett has a great commentary on gay culture (the story is set in London, but it's pertinent to America as well). It's definitely a typically British story, so it might be difficult for some American audiences looking for fluffy, bright gay stories, but it's quite worth reading if for nothing else but the wonderfully sexy trysts.	2000-12-14
Stories of extremes	Byatt's collection of sumptuous stories reminded me of Banana Yoshimoto, Emma Donoghue, and Jeanette Winterson. These tales seem like modern faerie tales without the classic imagery. Or rather, with the classic imagery shifted. In &quot;Cold&quot;, an ice princess discovers true love in a desert land. In my favorite in the collection, &quot;Christ in the House of Martha and Mary&quot;, a cook finds the meaning of art in life. These tales of extremes of emotions, temperatures, lives are full of joy and life, and make many a reader celebrate. This will certainly not be the last book by Byatt I'll read.	2000-12-14
80s Hollywood	Baker's riveting story is sure to entertain those readers who love Mel Keegan's work. Some of the violence and events seem almost gratuitous, but they fit in the grand scheme of the book and its political statements about America's homophobia in the 1980s. Nick and Jeff end up on the run from homophobic cops, and must evade every attempt to apprehend them. With a nearly &quot;Thelma and Louise&quot;-type ending, the story leaves it open-ended. The sex scenes are quite hot, too.	2000-12-14
Haunted	With every book by Brite I read, I love her even more. This story set in North Carolina centers on Trevor who is revisiting the house where his father killed his mother and brother and himself, but not Trevor. While there, he meets Zach, a hacker on the run, and the two fall in love and face the ghosts in the house, and in their pasts, together. Full of electric sensuality and vivid horrors, the book increases pace the deeper one reads, further and further drawing the reader in until it's impossible to let go. This might be the most accessible of her books, but I have yet to read them all, so. If it's possible to live in a book, that book would definitely be written by Poppy Brite.	2000-11-27
Ice-nine skating	This wacky tale of a journalist who witnesses the end of the world is a wonderful satire filled with memorable imagery and witticisms. Since this is the first Vonnegut book I've read, I don't know if it's his best, but I certainly think it's a fascinating read. The use of a cat's cradle string-game as a metaphor for various ideas and things is quite astute and sparklingly new, even though the book is from 1963. This book is definitely for anyone interested in zany literature that challenges the status quo, of any sort.	2000-11-27
A fantastic journey	Ursula Le Guin's classic novel exploring the boundaries of gender centers on an Earthling visiting as an ambassador a planet where the inhabits are genderless, except for once a month during 'kemmering' where each individual becomes either female or male, without her/his own choice. In league with Marge Piercy's &quot;Woman on the Edge of Time&quot;, Monique Wittig's &quot;Les Guerilleres&quot;, and Margaret Atwood's &quot;The Handmaid's Tale&quot;, Le Guin's book cloaks an intelligent analysis of gender and sexual roles in a beguiling story set on another world, which is reminiscent of aspects of our own. Not only is the book captivating, but it's highly thought-provoking, which can't always be said for much science fiction.	2000-11-20
A fascinating look back	Written as a series of letters by Hadrian, Yourcenar's novel is an intriguing look into life in Ancient Rome. Although the historical fiction parts of the novel sometimes are quite dry, it's the analysis and thought-provoking reflections that come from it, especially towards the end of the book, that make this book one of the 100 Best Gay &amp; Lesbian Novels. Including political and social influences, as well as Hadrian's relationship with Antinous, Yourcenar crafted a marvelous fictional memoir of a man mired in his own life.	2000-11-20
Intense poetry from a tragic life	This superb collection of Jozsef's poetry is a wonderful introduction to his work. This was also my introduction to his work, so I found Ozsvath's introductory biography and Turner's analysis of Jozsef's poetry quite welcome and insightful. Jozsef's poetry is lyrically balanced and a beautiful representation of the dark and light contained in one's inner self. His injection of politics and his personal life into the poems is masterful and captivating. Be sure to check out &quot;With a Pure Heart&quot;, &quot;Ode&quot;, and &quot;Lay Your Hand&quot; (those being among my favorites). Any reader interested in the effects of mental illness on an artist's work will find this collection fascinating and intense.	2000-11-13
Breakdown	Onnepalu's fascinating and intelligent tale of an Estonian man who murders his male lover is a sparse testimony to the effects of Western culture on Eastern European poverty. The cultural commentary brought to mind Bret Easton Ellis's &quot;American Psycho&quot;, Avram Brankovic's &quot;Bosnia Revelation&quot;, and Michael Pye's &quot;Taking Lives&quot;. It's a bit lacking by American pop standards, but it has a lingering impact that is a welcome surprise.	2000-11-12
Glorious love song	This is the fourth book by Bram I've read, and his writing is just getting better! I found the story utterly captivating and compelling. Beginning in the later years of the American Civil War through the 1920s, we follow the life of Augustus Boyd, a.k.a Dr August. He falls in love with an ex-slave named Isaac, eventually convincing him to make it an intimate relationship. August becomes an improvisational pianist, inspired by his &quot;spirits&quot;, with Isaac as his manager. While on a voyage to Europe, Isaac is enraptured with a white governess, and breaks off the love affair with August to pursue Alice. Isaac &amp; August remain friends &amp; business partners as Isaac weds Alice, and the two have children. The love triangle is a strain on all, and it snaps finally in Constantinople, when Isaac meddles in August's new love affair with a teen. The outcome of a tragedy causes the destruction of the trio, and its reconfiguration into a strange new alliance, without one of its core members. Beautifully exploring issues of race, sexuality, class, sprituality, and the notion of love, &quot;The Notorious Dr August&quot; is a magnificent story including fully-fleshed characters and a delightful rendering of history. Bram rocks!	2000-11-11
Electric love	When Dotty falls from a ladder, she is brought into the hospital where Macy works. Macy lives at the house Dotty was painting. Macy becomes Dotty's nurse after she leaves the hospital, and the two embark on a love affair. The past histories of both women creep back into their lives and threaten to destroy what's being born. Schutzer's circular and nonlinear story is full of potent writing and moving descriptions of the past pain and vivid silences both women have endured. And the surprise connection between Dotty and Macy is beautifully crafted. Schutzer's style reminded me a bit of Scott Heim, but not as dark. Any reader who's a fan of such emotionally charged works as Emma Donoghue's &quot;Hood&quot; and Alison Green's &quot;Half-moon Scar&quot; will adore this novel. This is one of my favorite novels of 2000!	2000-11-08
A great mystery	Finally back in print, Wings's first mystery featuring the witty Emma Victor is a noir thriller certain to keep the new reader at attention. Emma is called to meet a stranger one night, and finds her dead in an alley. She begins following the clues and finds the murder connected to previous crimes around Boston, including the clinic where Emma's new girlfriend works.	2000-11-07
Giving life &amp; self a chance	&quot;The World in the Evening&quot; is the story of Stephen Monk in the years before and during World War II. After his second marriage implodes, he retreats to his former home, a Quaker town in Pennsylvania, where he is forced to reflect on the whole of his life: his first marriage, his affairs, his inability to emote truthfully. Years ago, Stephen &amp; his first wife travelled to the Canary Islands, where Stephen had an affair with a young man. After that ended in disaster, his first wife died, leaving Stephen confused and adrift. In the Quaker town, with family, and with friends in the form of a gay couple and a German refugee, Stephen  confronts himself and ultimately finds inner peace. Isherwood's magnificent novel is as captivating and moving as it is beatifully written. The way the story ends is so full of hope and beauty that it will leave the reader feeling the same as Stephen.	2000-11-05
Love is alive	Katherine returns to the Outer Banks of North Carolina to tear down the family summer home and to hopefully lay to rest the ghost of her first love, Caroline, who drowned there. Katherine reacquaints herself with Jennifer, whom she knew years ago, and the two feel an intense attraction to each other. Kat struggles with her memories of Caroline and with the chance of a sort of catharsis that Jennifer offers. Montague has crafted a potent and sometimes humorous story of a woman reluctant to overcome her grief and move on with her life. Any reader who's a fan of books by the Naiad Press or Bells Books will adore this story!	2000-11-03
A wild adventure	LeRoy's inventive story of a young boy who wants to become a lot lizard (whore of a sort) like his mother is quite worth devouring. The boy calls himself by his mother's name, Sarah, and begins working like his mother, but runs away to become a better lizard. He falls in with a wrong crowd, and is mistaken for a saint, which becomes his downfall when the deranged pimp discovers 'she' is really a 'he'. Sarah is eventually rescued by his first pimp (a real gem called Glad). LeRoy's exciting rhythms and talents with words and pacing are certain to draw the reader to continue. It's a wonderful beginning for a young writer. It's certainly one of the most memorable books of the year, but it won't make my top ten for the year. Well worth reading, don't mistake me. I just don't feel as strongly for this book as others do.	2000-10-31
Rapid-fire action	There's a bombing downtown and Tom is one of the victims. His lover Scott is frantic and begins his own investigation into the catastrophe. Was it random, or aimed at the clinic where Tom was volunteering, or was it aimed at Tom himself? After Tom wakes from a coma, the duo find even more clues pointing in many directions. And when a drag queen friend of Tom's is killed, they know they're targets themselves. The plot is action-packed and hardly gives the reader time to breathe, and yet I never felt involved in the story. Of course, this is the first Zubro I've read, so that's part of it, but each book in a series ought to bring the reader into the series and entice. The solving of the bombings and murder was well crafted and believable, and Zubro certainly is a great writer. This just may not be his best overall, so.	2000-10-31
The taste of midnight	This remarkable novel is about a runaway slavegirl in the 1850s who is befriended by 2 enigmatic women who run a brothel. The two women help the girl and make her like themselves, as vampires. The girl takes the name Gilda (from one of the two) and spends the next 200 years searching for a place to call home, for love, and for greater meaning in the world. Gomez has created an amazing tale that is utterly intriguing. I wanted to love it more, but sometimes the story almost worked against itself by moving too quickly from time period to time period without giving us (and Gilda) a chance to really connect. I heartily recommend this book because of the many thought-provoking points Gomez introduces. It's quite a tasty story.	2000-10-31
Thick web of intrigue	Ross Ohrenstedt finds himself playing literary detective when he finds an unknown document among those by famous author Damon Von Slyke, one of the Purple Circle. As he sifts through the information to find the author of the unknown piece, he finds himself in an ever-tightening web of mystery that threatens to snap before he can find out whether an unknown writer heavily influenced the major works of the Purple Circle. Drawing from his history with the Violet Quill, Picano has woven a clever and amazing book that soars as much as it bewilders the reader. The mesmerizing plot drew me further and further into the book, and yet the ending seemed out of place, leaving me unfulfilled. I love the parts about the fictional authors and history especially. This book is most recommended to anyone interested in gay literature's history (even though it's not non-fiction), but be warned that the title is &quot;The Book of Lies&quot;, and it lives up to it.	2000-10-31
Juicy reading	I find Winterson's writing and style utterly electrifying. These various stories, some of which delve into the theme of what one risks reveals what one values, explore a variety of worlds and lives. One or two of the stories didn't resonate with me as much as the others, but overall this collection is marvelous. From the lush &quot;The Poetics of Sex&quot; to the dazzling &quot;Orion&quot; to the delightful &quot;Turn of the World&quot;, these stories border on fables, and reminded me of works by Emma Donoghue, Angela Carter, and Ben Marcus, among others. Such an invigorating assortment that is certain to gratify daring readers.<br />My favorite line is from the story &quot;Orion&quot;: &quot;She realised that the only war worth fighting was the one that raged within; the rest were all diversions.&quot;	2000-10-31
Life in impressions	Woolf's experimental novel is the life of Jacob Flanders as told through the impressions he has on other people. By using this style, she explores the notions of existence, permanence, and the effects of civilization on sensitive individuals. One can easily see the influence this experiment had on her later works, chiefly &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot; and &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot;. I find Woolf's works captivating, and this book no less so. Like an impressionist painting, the story is left for the reader to piece together to envision the larger, full-scale impact for her-/himself.	2000-10-14
Graceful living	This is definitely one of my favorite books ever. Through the story of the Ramsay family, Woolf delivers an enchanting and intelligent story of domestic life and of the relationships between men and women. By celebrating everyday life, she champions women's traditional roles. Each time I read this novel, I am amazed at the cultural commentary Woolf included, and at its continued relevance to life today. And the ways she shows time passing in this novel are simply magnificent.	2000-10-14
This boy's trapped life	This engaging and deceptively simply story centers on Burt, an 8-year old who's placed in a mental hospital after expressing his burgeoning sexuality with a girl his own age. It's the story of a boy with exceptional intelligence and creativity who cannot relate to kids his own age nor to adults set on treating him as a little kid. Throughout the story, Burt is simply searching for someone to listen to him. Buten's style and insights into children's psychology are fascinating and are sure to affect every reader.	2000-10-14
Move to this	Bell hooks's book is an excellent introduction to the study of feminist politics. With clear and concise language, she revisits the beginnings of the movement, and tells us where it is now. She also succintly explains why feminism is not anti-male, anti-sex, or anti-family, but rather feminism is the struggle against rigid sexism in patriarchal cultures. Despite its plague of editorial errors, the book is highly recommended for the non-academic language and for the encouraging message hooks offers us.	2000-10-14
Crisp and captivating	This positively breathtaking novel explores foreign cultures (specifically American) through the eyes of the Japanese. Toshi grew up in a remote area of Hokkaido in a silent and tense household. Captivated by Audrey Hepburn in the movie &quot;Roman Holiday&quot;, he begins a lifelong love affair with American women. He moves to Tokyo to live with his friend Paul, a gay American. Toshi doesn't always understand his American friends, and sometimes feels out of place in his relationships, and it is only through the revelation of his parents' tragic past that he is able to climb out of his stifled history and embrace unencumbered joy. Alan Brown's style is quite magical, and eloquently expresses Toshi's story. Such a wonderfully beautiful book!	2000-10-02
Shiny new dresses	Carter's collection of reworked faerie and folk tales is quite amazing. She succintly carves out the heart of the story and places it in a new form. And her use of potent sensuality (like in the wonderful &quot;Puss in Boots&quot;) is marvelous. I wanted to like the book more, but all the stories aren't as captivating, so. The book is remarkable for its intelligence and sparkling originality.	2000-09-30
Sumptuous feast	Tereza is a Polish graduate student studying in New York City, who begins an affair with Jose, a Brazilian man studying cannibalism. In a twist on &quot;Fatal Attraction&quot;, Tereza takes control of the affair, which she can't let end at any price, and maneuvers Jose into a full-fledged corporeal union, culminating with Tereza killing him and devouring parts of his flesh to unite them forever. In the literary tradition of Virgilio Piera's &quot;Ren's Flesh&quot;, Poppy Brite's &quot;Exquisite Corpse&quot;, Bret Easton Ellis's &quot;American Psycho&quot;, Carole Maso's &quot;Defiance&quot;, and Stephen King's &quot;Misery&quot;, Drakulic's book is more than a dark fantasy. It's a commentary on culture and humanity that is captivating, sensual, and potently memorable. This is a book that bites the reader back.	2000-09-29
Nowheresville	This was one of the worst books I ever read. I found the novel utterly depressing and vapid, where the characters never learn from their mistakes or progress in any fashion. All the other characters use Numie, the protagonist, and he lets them do so. If a nasty, bitchy &quot;Dynasty&quot;/&quot;Melrose Place&quot; sort of book is your thing, then this is for you. I am amazed I actually finished it.	2000-09-26
In the beginning	Hansen's first Dave Brandstetter mystery is a marvelous read. Fox Olson's car is found, but he isn't. Is he dead or just missing? With a healthy cast of suspects, Brandstetter has his work cut out for him in solving this case. It's almost timeless in its quality of writing and pacing. I only wish it wasn't so short, but there are more books in the series, so it does balance out some. Fans of gay men's mysteries will certainly love this classic tale!	2000-09-26
Searching	I can see where the previous reviewers had problems with Brownrigg's style. It could've definitely been elaborated upon in places, but I found her magical-realism style rather invigorating. The book of entwined stories, for me, was about trying to let go and find one's creative self again, as well as finding love. It reminded me in places of Persimmon Blackbridge's &quot;Prozac Highway&quot; and Erika Lopez's &quot;Flaming Iguanas&quot;.	2000-09-26
Divine hunger	One of the 100 Best Gay &amp; Lesbian Novels, &quot;Rene's Flesh&quot; is a fascinating and horrific tale of a man coming into himself and accepting his destiny. The book's dark sense of the bizarre is reflective of Clive Barker, Poppy Brite, and Stephen King. If you've ever seen the German movie &quot;Delicatessen&quot;, you have a clue what the book is like. I highly recommend it to all fans of classic horror fiction, and to all fans of excellent literature.	2000-09-26
A path of one's own	Gide's story is about a married man whose passions for younger men and for  an unencumbered life eclipse his duty to his wife who is dying of  tuberculosis. Threaded throughout is an argument against following the  pattern set by society (marriage, children) and finding one's own path in  life. Gide's importance in queer literature is evident with this novel, as  well as with &quot;The Counterfeiters&quot;.	2000-09-19
Magnificent &amp; graceful	Helen's brother Declan is dying of AIDS. Together with their mother, their  grandmother, and 2 friends of Declan's, she takes care of Declan in what  might be his final days. These 6 separate worlds collide into and  reconfigure the estrangements of the past years. Toibin's potent rendering  of these people coming to terms with themselves and each other is  incredibly moving and highly evocative. He skilfully shows the power  personal stories have on healing rifts between people. This is one of the  most beautiful novels I've read this year.	2000-09-19
Towards the light	Lippincott's novella is a continuation of sorts of Virginia Woolf's  &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;, except from the point of view from Mr Dalloway.  The event in this book is the couple's anniversary, which corresponds with  a solar eclipse. The author skilfully explores the nature of love, and the  nature of women and men. Richard Dalloway adores his wife Clarissa, but he  also loves Robert Davies. The three paths converge and come to a sort of  beautiful moment, framed by the eclipse. It may be not quite as evocative  and potent as Cunningham's &quot;The Hours&quot; or Woolf's books, but this  book is still exceptional and beautiful. A book to enjoy and revisit.	2000-09-19
Adventures in death	Using deceptively simple language, Coelho tells us the story of Veronika,  who attempts suicide, only to wake up in a mental hospital where she is  told she has irreparably damaged her heart and she has only a week to live.  Through her interactions with fellow patients and the hospital staff,  Veronika examines the nature of death and life, and reawakens to the joy of  living in each moment. Like in faerie tales, the language and story of the  book are easy to read. But don't let its simplicity fool you. Covering the  way of life in our modern world, its effect on us, the nature of what's  commonly referred to as 'insanity', and more, Coelho has crafted a  delicious gem that is heartening and celebratory. This is the second book  I've read by him, and it certainly won't be the last.	2000-09-18
Gently sparkling	Morgen is the daughter of a famous painter. After his death, she is adrift  in life and is wooed by the eager Royal, a man determined to make her his  wife. She doesn't love him, and doesn't feel complete until she meets a  woman from her past, Toni. Only with her does she feel whole again. Written  in a sparse and evocative style, Wilhelm's novel is a joy to read. Entirely  compelling and beautifully crafted.	2000-09-18
Into the woods	Kathrin is sent to America from Germany after the death of her mother. She  eventually comes to work for a woman named Violet on Summit Avenue  translating fairy tales from German. Violet has secrets, and over a space  of time, she begins to tell the young woman her secrets and the two have  one night of passion. The confused Kathrin flings herself into marriage  with an ambitious young man who fathers her child. She eventually leaves  her husband and searches for Violet. Like a modern adaption of a fairy  tale, Sharratt's novel is lush and metaphoric in places, and is evocative  of the early part of the 1900s, right before and during World War I. It  reminded me of Emma Donoghue's &quot;Kissing the Witch&quot;, which also  used fairy tales in a sort of modern retelling. I was especially impressed  with Sharratt's use of the maiden/mother/crone dynamic. If you enjoyed  &quot;Tipping the Velvet&quot; by Sarah Waters, then you certainly love  this book.	2000-09-09
Enchanted garden party	As Grumbach is planning her 80th birthday party, she reflects on friends  both living and dead as well as writers and books and assorted artists  that've given her joy over the years. A graceful and sometimes humorous  memoir about coming to terms with aging and about how the dead live on in  and around the living. Grumbach's style of writing is as crisp as the  weather in Maine, and equally embracing.	2000-09-05
Youth fixation	A beautifully written and utterly disturbing story of one man's obsession  with young boys. A young teacher who's been involved with one young lad in  America, flees to France to research Gertrude Stein's nephew Allan. While  there, the teacher becomes enchanted with the 15-year old Stephane, with  whom he travels to Southern France. This is quite in the tradition of works  like Mann's &quot;Death in Venice&quot;, and quite lovely. It just bothers  me, this fixation on young boys which is borderline pedophilia.	2000-09-05
Exquisite banality	I think White is a marvelous writer, his sentences and imagery are superb.  Now if only his plots could sustain them. The story of one lover caring for  another through AIDS is not entirely new, but here White presents it in a  more unflinching way than possibly previously read. For most of the novel,  I found myself swinging from bored by the slow-moving story to enraptured  by the language, but when I reached the last third of the novel I became  more involved with the characters and the story, where I couldn't put down  the novel. White's lack of chronological timekeeping is a nuisance, by the  way. Like some works of art, the novel is quite beautiful, but inaccesible  to a lot of people. I didn't get what all other readers are getting from  this novel. Yes, it's beautiful. But it's also tedious and lacking.	2000-09-05
Restructure	I found this collection of poetry deliriously riveting. Shaughnessy's use  and restructuring of language is highly refreshing, with imagery and  wordings reminiscent of Ben Marcus, Tori Amos, C. D. Wright, and Neil  Gaiman. I only wish this book wasn't so short! I am eager for more from  this astonishing poet.	2000-09-05
A glass gothly	Catalyst's fiction, poetry, and biographical wisps are full of bright  honesty and toxic rides. Using threads from such writers as Poppy Z. Brite  and Dennis Cooper, he weaves through a bevy of subjects, mostly dark and  possibly degenerate. I thoroughly loved his story &quot;Taking Care  of&quot;, and was entertained by most of the book. I felt he sometimes  succumbed to mediocrity, but it's evident the potency he has which  struggles to be realized in this burgeoning collection.	2000-09-05
Beautiful storyweaving	Deanne and Lotte start renovating a cottage to create a safe place for  themselves and their friends to recover and heal from their past traumas.  With a magical style, Caeia March explores the effect of dreams on reality,  with a rich interweaving of Goddess-worship stories. This is one of my  favorite books that I've read so far in 2000. If this book finds the  readership it deserves, it's sure to become a favorite. Simply an exquisite  story.	2000-08-29
Forbidden fruit	Manning's nearly forgotten novel is among those set in girls' boarding  schools. Rachel is a bright student who befriends one of the school's  rebels, Margaret. They are surrounded by teachers who dress as men and act  with stoney authority. Margaret brings a copy of \\"The Well of Loneliness\\"  into the school, and eventually gets caught with another girl, thereby  implicating Rachel in her activities. Rachel is faced with the hypocrisy of  the school's staff and with her own growing sensuality, and ultimately must  betray her friend or suffer her fate. What I found most remarkable about  the story was Manning's use of complex metaphors paralleling the story of  Adam &amp; Eve's ingestion of knowledge. It may be a dated story, but  there's still much in which to delight.	2000-08-29
An exploration of friendship	While on vacation in Cancun, Derek, a gay black man with HIV, befriends  two teenaged straight white boys. The story centers on the building of the  friendship between them, with Derek's coming out to them as gay and as HIV+  and with Derek's intense attraction to one of the two boys. Boyd eloquently  portrays the struggles of Derek coming to terms with his unrequited desire  for the oldest boy, and the sometimes wavering effects of time and distance  on a friendship. He does succumb to gooey sentimentality towards the end,  but it doesn't take away from the grace of the novel.	2000-08-29
Humor to make one's jaw ache	I've been a fan of Ford's for a while now, and I still think he's one of the funniest writers around. Whether he's skewering Dr Laura, gay culture,  or himself, he serves up smart criticisms overflowing with gobs of witty  remarks and barbs. I heartily recommend this book to everyone! Except those  that don't find him funny. Y'all can just find something else to amuse  yourselves.	2000-08-29
Sassy sci-fi	Orloff's campy sci-fi frolic is perfect summer reading. Norvex 7 is a professor of Earth studies on a planet known for its cosmic fabulosity, and  he travels to Earth accompanied by one of the most famous hairdressers in  the galaxy. He and his friends are stunned by America's bland fashion  sense, and eventually come to San Francisco, where they find some relief.  Norvex crosses paths with Chester, a gay goth teen with poor self-image but  excellent fashion sense, and the two spark a galactic incident with their  torrid affair. Like all excellent camp, this is delightfully sprinkled with  smart and sassy observations on culture and life. I had some trouble at  first getting into it, but it certainly drew me in as I went deeper into  it.	2000-08-29
Healing the hollowed parts	This breathtaking novel maps a few weeks in the life of Amy who returns to  her small hometown to consider her relationship with her girlfriend. She  encounters two of her childhood friends, Gina (who now works in a lesbian  bar) and Gavin (who is dangerously anorexic), and together the three  collide into and reconcile past pain and experiences. Banding with Gina to  help Gavin, Amy rekindles her attraction to Gina. Sifting through the ebb  and flow of memory, she also comes to understand more about her continuing  self-mutilation. Echoing aspects of Eric Swanson's \\"The Boy in the Lake\\",  Green gives us a beautiful novel exploring the invisible and visible scars  we all inflict on ourselves and others. My favorite line from the novel:  &quot;The hollows of the body were what filled up with hurt, and you  couldn't starve them away.&quot;	2000-08-29
Murder in the FBI	In her twelfth Carol Ashton mystery, McNab continues her award-winning  style. Ashton attends an F.B.I. training course, and finds herself the  suspect when a man with whom she argued vehemently is found dead.  Surrounded by a group of other suspects, the detective must sift through  the clues and clear herself. Her only ally is a female F.B.I. agent who has  more on her mind than simply helping to clear Carol. Although typical of  books from the Naiad Press, this story still features excellent pacing and  a lively assortment of suspects.	2000-08-29
Spiralling into the light	A fast-paced and dark descent into a fascinating story. When Burke's bisexual girlfriend is killed at a gay rights rally, he vows to find the  culprit. When a serial killer starts murdering fagbashers and child  molesters by using the killing motifs of a dead friend of Burke's, Burke  wonders about how dead his friend actually is. This being the first book by  Vachss I read, I was a bit confused about the characters, but it didn't  daunt me from pursuing the story, rather it made me more intrigued about  this Burke guy and his relations with his friends. What I most like about  this book is the depths of the characters, they're fully fleshed and yet  mysterious enough to warrant curiosity. After a couple dozen pages, I  couldn't put the book down if I'd tried.	2000-08-29
Exquisite tapestry	Chronicling the effect of AIDS and war on the denizens of Beirut,  Alameddine's dazzling novel has been cursed by a bland bookjacket. Blending  humor and emotional depth, the story achieves an interpretation of the  everyday chaos of life. If you're searching for something uplifting and  stimulating to read, this is the book.	2000-08-29
A raunchy gay adventure	I found the story of Alex &amp; Greg while on vacation finding a sunken airplane which begins their adventure trying to stop criminals quite lively  and compelling. The many sexy scenes are quite wonderful, although after a  while I was finding them a bit tedious. Not even James Bond has that much  sex! Even so, this book is a fun read sure to get one's blood pumping (and  not just from the fist fights).	2000-08-29
Inspirational and true story	As America's first openly gay track coach, Anderson has fought both  prejudice and homophobia in his school district, his community, and in the  sports arena. With a supportive team of runners and friends, he became not  only an award-winning track coach, but also a pioneer in his field.  Inspiring and resonant, his story is a realistic message of hope and  perseverance.	2000-08-29
Love in struggle	Barr's first novel is the story of two women trying to make a life  together in the late 1800s in Pennsylvania and later in Nevada. It focuses  more on the strengthening of Sarah than on the love she and Imogene share,  which gives the book more potency than a run-of-the-mill love story. While  not an uplifting story per se, this book is thoroughly enjoyable and  captivating. I was reminded in some places of &quot;Frontiers&quot; by  Michael Jensen and of &quot;Tipping the Velvet&quot; by Sarah Waters, where  the sense of place and time is clear and beautifully woven into a strong  story.	2000-08-29
Fast and fun	This humorous and madcap story of one girl's life in San Francisco is  perfect for those once into Judy Blume and now into riot grrls and Ani  DiFranco. Taking place in one year, the narrator pursues her desires  through a number of women in search of enduring love and great times. Tea  also delivers a classic line: \\"Desire... is all about stink.\\" It's a very  visceral and madcap story that certainly is aimed at a narrow audience. I  almost didn't finish it, but Tea's narrative did encourage me to follow to  the end.	2000-08-28
First crush	Paige Bergman is a high school student in the early 1970s in a town called  Hell. Estranged from her parents and lacking enthusiasm for her friends,  Paige is awakened by Mrs Fiona Gallagher, whom she first spots driving.  Later babysitting for the family, Paige is beguiled by Fiona and desires to  know all her secrets. Like a modern-day Lolita, Paige becomes an oasis for  the troubled woman and the two are drawn into dangerous waters. With  electric characters, enchanting language, and vivid descriptions of a first  crush-turned-obsession, Summer has created an impressive and memorable  debut. The story is nearly derailed by the final chapter which switches  narrators, but that didn't really take away from the entirety of the novel.  There are tons of fascinating metaphors and the narrator's voice is so  resonant that it's easy to forgive that final stray.	2000-08-28
This strange life	Superstar magicians and entertainers Jurgen and Rudolfo buy Houdini's  collection of magicians' artifacts and paraphernalia, including the  Davenport Spirit Cabinet, at an auction. As Jurgen delves into the  collection, he drifts from his partner and lover, as well as becoming more  disconnected from their show. Jurgen disappears, leaving Rudolfo adrift and  depressed, until he ultimately follows his love. Shifting between the  present and the past, Quarrington explores the notions of faith in each  character's life. Maybe not as potent as Katherine Dunn's &quot;Geek  Love&quot; or anything by John Irving, Quarrington's book is quite a  remarkable story of oddball characters that compels the reader onward.	2000-08-28
Delightful and rhythmic	Divided into ten thematic sections, Boutilier's second book is ripe with  savory and inspiring poetry. Covering subjects from politics to  relationships to childhood memories, her poems entertain, educate, and  nourish with equal craft. Each page satiates the reader, enticing us into a  ten-course meal without overpowering the palate. This collection is certain  to be nominated for a Lambda Literary Award, so pull up a cozy chair and  remember to floss afterwards.	2000-08-28
Interconnectedness of life	This radiant memoir is a blend of O'Shea's own story with excerpts from  life stories of women on death row. O'Shea is a lesbian and former nun who  has been researching and talking to women in prisons across the United  States, especially with those on death row. This is her third book on the  subject, but the first that is told from her own point of view. With  remarkable technique, O'Shea shows us the universality of human experience  and closes the gap between us and those whose freedom has been taken away.  I found the book utterly radiant, so far it's my favorite memoir of the  year.	2000-08-28
Unflinching and fiery	This autobiography of the last days of her quite obsessive relationship  with Sita is the story of a dying love affair, where each day's petty  slights and delightful surprises are digested for the insightful truths and  harsh realities of self analysis. Like Violette Leduc, Millett charts every  moment and every emotion during the days of bliss and the days of spite in  the struggle to save the love they share, until Sita's ultimate betrayal by  leaving for a man. Included in this new edition is a portion of the elegy  Millett wrote after Sita's suicide in 1978, which is a stunning finale for  this captivating memoir. Unlike other reviewers, I didn't find this at all  depressing. Rather, I found this book uplifting and mesmerising.	2000-08-28
Tarnished luxury	Returning to his Ohio hometown, Christian Fowler seeks to pack up his dead  grandmother's house and to make some sort of peace with himself and a boy  from his past whom Christian had grievously betrayed. Swanson paces the  novel like a mystery unfolding, bringing the reader deeper into the regrets  and discomforts of the main character. Although not quite as redemptive as  the works of Scott Heim, Swanson's novel is still potent and lingers in the  reader's mind. My only problem with the novel was Swanson's use of  &quot;should of&quot; instead of &quot;should've&quot; and the like.	2000-08-28
A luscious adventure	Nancy King escapes from her small English hometown in Victorian England  with her soon-to-be lover Kitty to London. The two become partners in  business and love until Kitty betrays Nan for her career. From there, Nan  becomes a rent boy, then a kept girl in lesbian high society, until she is  thrown back into the streets. Meeting a woman from her past, Nan heals her  heart and finds true love. Winner of a Lambda Literary Award, Waters's  gorgeous story is equal parts historical novel and bawdy lesbian epic. My  only regret is that I waited so long to read this book! I felt a bit  distant at times from the characters, so I am hesitant to give it 5 of 5,  but I'm quite on the border.	2000-08-28
A daring foray	A former gay porn star named Rick is living across the street from a  Jewish boys' school, and begins a dialogue with some of the boys. Rick, an  atheist, is drawn to their religion and the boys are drawn to Rick's  honesty in the face of their condemnation of homosexuality. He confronts  his own prejudices while the two separate worlds collide, resulting in a  deeper understanding of his own life. Sandford's irreverent and zealous  style lends the story its captivating voice, and leaves the audience with  much to ponder. I found the book quite funny in parts, and also fascinating  in its presentation of tidbits about Judaica.	2000-08-28
Finding one's strength	Therese, who works at a department store, meets Carol, soon to be  divorced, and the two begin a friendship that slowly becomes more intimate.  Carol's soon-to-be-ex-husband discovers the relationship, and moves to take  custody of their daughter, challenging Carol to choose between her daughter  and her lover. Therese must find her own fortitude to face this threat and  ultimately decide where her path lies. Beautifully paced and captivating,  this novel deserves a wider audience. I wish it would be made into a movie!	2000-08-28
Intense &amp; gratifying descent	Like her &quot;La Batarde&quot;, Leduc delves into her psyche and chronicles her moods, obsessions, and madness for the nuggets of insight they can contain. With astonishing honesty and ability, she serves us a  remarkable and lush memoir of a writer plagued by self-doubt. Another  fascinating aspect of the book is Violette's one-sided love affair with  Simone de Beauvoir, and Violette's friendships with the varied famous of  the time. This is a book to hold close and chew slowly.	2000-07-31
Exquisite tapestry of memories	From her early beginnings with a distant mother to her activities during World War II in the black market, Violette Leduc opens her life to us in stark detail. On her journey to find her voice and become a writer, she  experiences life to its fullest and darkest extents. From her love affairs  with women to her failed marriage to her adoration of a gay man, she  explores her seemingly tragic life to show us the beauty in every molecule  of life. Definitely not a slow read, this memoir proves Leduc's mastery of  expression and whets the reader's appetite for more self-spelunking.	2000-07-31
Wicked thriller	Excellent mystery. The feminist angles reminded me of June Arnold's &quot;Sister Gin&quot; and Monique Wittig's &quot;Les Guerilleres&quot;. I did have a difficult time getting into it at first, but King's writing and  characters drew me in (this being the first of her books I've read).	2000-07-18
Excellent slice of gay history	A beautifully written novel containing many historical aspects of gay life in the mid-1900s. Quite fascinating and positive.	2000-07-18
Highly engrossing	Michael Craft continues to improve his style with each book in the Mark Manning series. I was utterly captivated by the story from the first page. Manning has to clear a friend of the murder charges, and the actual  murderer is not one I originally suspected! I also thoroughly enjoyed the  witty moments sprinkled throughout. Craft is definitely my favorite mystery  writer!	2000-05-17
Every me and every you	This collection of stories taking place either in India or New England explores the differing ways people can be foreigners in strange or familiar ways and lands. Lahiri's eloquent storyweaving is full of humor and  confusion, and is an utter joy to read. I look forward to a full novel by  her.	2000-04-07
Chasing understanding	Garland's second book is about the inexplicable tragedies that occur and the ways we attempt to explain, understand, and rationalize them. Like Scott Heim's books, this doesn't leave the reader with any easy answers,  but does achieve its own goal of exploring the parts of human experience  that are often overlooked.	2000-04-07
Magical moonstories	This collection is a marvelous introduction to English speakers to the works of Inagaki. Along with the translation of his book &quot;One Thousand and One-Second Stories&quot;, this edition includes a few other stories and  poems from his later works, which thematically connect with his first book.  Such a charming and innovative way of storytelling! Each story is a jewel  unto itself which I could savor for a long time. I am quite happy I chanced  upon this collection.	2000-03-31
A great introduction	I read this back in 1997 and I still agree that it's a phenomenal introduction into the field of gay studies. With so many books out there, this collection groups the various essays into sections on community,  sexuality, and spirituality. It includes a lot of the big names in queer  literature: Signorile, Sullivan, Holleran, Bawer, Boykin, and more.	2000-03-31
Don't judge by its cover	I was surprised to find that this book, unlike a lot of small press books, is a great mystery. Avery Vincent's girlfriend is murdered and she becomes a computer hacker to find the killer. It's on par with mysteries published  by The Naiad Press, and it also deals with rape in the lesbian community.  It was a bit awkward in places, but overall it's a great beginning for a  series.	2000-03-30
Gender ambiguity in Chile	One of the 100 Best Gay &amp; Lesbian Novels, Donoso's book centers on the transvestite la Manuela and his/her daughter who together run a whorehouse. Donoso's crisp voice lends an intense atmosphere to this intriguing story  about machismo versus sexual ambiguity. I am always drawn to foreign  literature, and I highly recommend Donoso, who in some ways reminds me of  Manuel Puig and his &quot;Kiss of the Spider Woman&quot;.	2000-03-30
Evocative	An evocative collection of poetry from a promising woman. I'm not sure how  to review poetry, but I certainly will say that this is one of my favorite  poetry books from this past year. Her language and imagery have stayed with  me since I read it in September!	2000-03-30
Giving birth to one's self	I discovered this novel after discovering Violette Leduc. I adore this book for its fleshing out of Leduc's life. It gives a lush and warm sense of her life and her version of madness, as well as the narrator's  investigation into her own Jewish heritage. In some places, Zackheim's  writing mirrored Leduc's. There's so little written about Leduc, which is  such a tragedy.	2000-03-30
Walls tumbling	A wonderful first mystery where the main character, Lt. &quot;Frank&quot;  Franco, is on the trail of a brutal serial killer, and is also running on  an emotional empty. Since the death of her lover, Frank has lived her life  on long hours at work and endless alcohol, but this begins crumbling. The  pacing of the story is superb, but what saves this simple mystery is the  characterizations. It's reminiscent of Emma Donoghue's &quot;Hood&quot;  where the main character must come to grips with the loss of a loved one to  move toward hope. And this is Baxter Clare's first book! I hope the next is  as compelling.	2000-03-30
Awesome collection	Since this includes interviews with some of my favorite writers, I was eager to devour it. I totally love the tidbits, as well as the interviews. Now, the biggest problem with this book is the excessive amount of  editorial errors. Just in my first reading of this book, I found over a  dozen! And this is published by a university press! If you can overcome the  distractions of these mistakes, then you can enjoy what this book is meant  to be: a fascinating collection of interviews of some of the biggest names  in gay men's publishing.	2000-03-30
Maori flavor	If you can get your hands on a copy of this, do. Some of the stories from  this are excerpted in &quot;The Vintage Book of International Lesbian  Fiction&quot;, and they inspired me to order a copy of this. I wasn't  disappointed. Te Awekotuku's language is often strong and forceful, and her  depictions of the lives of women in New Zealand are intriguing. Most of the  stories center on the character of Tahuri, but not all.	2000-03-30
Intriguing, yet haphazard	I think Bowes's story is incredible, but it was diluted by the structure of too many flashbacks and flashforwards. The story of a boy growing up with a shadow is not entirely new, and Bowes breathed new life in this by  adding the queer element and in his refreshing settings. I found it rather  confusing and couldn't always figure out when the events occurred: past,  present, recent..?	2000-03-30
Surfacing	I quite enjoyed this novel. The structure of each chapter embodying a  different incarnation of Eden's experiences in Paris is quite innovative  and enriching. Each step of the way improves her sense of language and  self, and Youngblood reflects this in the language of Eden as the narrator.  There are several passages where I felt more depth would have helped the  reader, but overall I didn't feel the novel lacked. Like Michele Zackheim's  &quot;Violette's Embrace&quot;, this is a wonderful novel about walking in  an author's shadow and discovering one's own creative self.	2000-03-30
Adventure in Ethiopia &amp; Yemen	This adventure story got better around halfway through the book, where it became quite riveting. Anouk &amp; Karen set out to rescue a young girl from an arranged marriage in Yemen, and fall in love in the process. The  details are quite evocative of the African and Arab locales, and they don't  overpower the story. What is so wonderful about this story is the  interracial main characters, and the placement of lesbians in the Arab and  Ethiopian worlds. A beautiful and thrilling adventure.	2000-03-23
Astounding	This collection of lesbian fiction, not all by lesbian authors, is a marvelous assortment of voices from around the world. From such big names as Violette Leduc, Emma Donoghue, Makeda Silvera, and Dionne Brand, to  new-to-American-eyes writers like Jeanne d'Arc Jutras, Yasmin Tambiah, and  Ngahuia Te Awekotuku, this anthology has definitely opened my eyes to the  diversity of lesbian fiction. I only wish there was more available by some  of these authors here in the US! This book only whets the appetite like  standing in the middle of an international food festival, not knowing which  morsel to savor first.	1999-11-05
Lost and found	Much thanks to Mathilda Hills for bringing this story to us! This beautiful and lyric love story is only heightened by the biographical information Hills provides. I hope the publisher will eventually provide a  paperback edition, so more people would be enticed to read this stunning  tale.	1999-11-05
Passion vs. Desire	Wells has a beautiful way with language, and it's unfortunate how short this novel is and how flat certain passages are. I believe Wells was trying to convey how Simone felt disconnected to her family and to her own  passions through the language, but somehow it just didn't connect for me. I  think the story is marvelous and full of potential. I was reminded of  Violette Leduc's &quot;Therese and Isabelle&quot; somewhat. And I heartily  identified with the idea that through forgiveness for familial abandonment  one finds peace and passion. I hope Wells only improves from here.	1999-11-05
Come out, come out	If you enjoyed the movies &quot;Beautiful Thing&quot; and &quot;Get Real&quot;, you will certainly enjoy this coming out story. It's humorous, witty, moving, everything a well-written story ought to be. Now why is it  so short?	1999-11-05
To find courage	This resounding story centers on Norway in 1939. Edle is a wallflower who never quite realizes her true feelings for her girl friends until much later in life. It's about finding the courage to love openly, despite  society.	1999-10-21
Obsessions - For Men	The best erotica I've read in a while. Whether your obsession is with a certain person, a specific type of people, or an action, you'll probably find something that comes close in this excellent collection. I found  almost every essay to be a major turn on. My favorites were by Andrew  Holleran, D. Travers Scott, Patrick Barnes, Scott Heim, Stephen Greco...  Hell, I love them all!	1999-05-09
Body rock	Utterly riveting! I read the entire book in one day because I couldn't put it down. With inspiration from Dame Agatha Christie, Craft has outdone himself in this third mystery in the Mark Manning series. I was slightly  disappointed with the previous book, &quot;Eye contact&quot;, so I was  hesitant to read the third. Am I glad I did! I cannot rave enough about  this book. I think it even surpasses &quot;Flight dreams&quot;.	1999-05-09
A hallucinatory journey into wartorn Bosnia	Brankovic weaves a tight &amp; surreal narrative about trying to survive in Bosnia during the current warfare. He brings a gay sensibility &amp; a sense of possible salvation through his quite real, harrowing, apocalyptic  story. An incredibly stunning book that will make you seriously think.	1999-05-07
Mosaic of connections between family &amp; friends	A beautifully written series of interlocked stories about a small group of women, all either friends, family, or exlovers. Kobayashi evokes in a sort of poetic fire clearly the sometimes joyful, sometimes painful ties people  have with each other. Even though the characters are women and most are  lesbians, the overall story can clearly portray parallels in any family  unit, whether chosen or hereditary. Resonates along with Sarah Schulman's  &quot;Rat Bohemia&quot; or Alison Bechdel's series &quot;Dykes to Watch out  for&quot;.	1999-05-07
American Colonial-era Western meets psychological thriller!	I'm not really into Westerns, but by about halfway through the book, I was totally hooked! Brilliant use of the various metaphors of 'frontiers': physical, sexual, emotional. I especially loved how well he expressed the  concept of being gay in an overbearingly non-gay world. And it's a love  story to boot!	1999-05-07
Ominous &amp; dark	With his intricate characters, Heim plunders into the depths of loss to convey the waves of malevolent warnings that come from being on the downwardly spiralling road. Incredibly moving and powerful. This is what  you'd get if a horror movie didn't have specific monsters: a dark and  brooding tale of people in limbo waiting for their lives to change and  being unable to force them to change for the better. I'll be rereading this  next year so I can savor it all over again.	1999-05-07
A little genderplay, anyone?	I wish I lived in Western Canada so I could have a chance to see Taste This (the performance troup whose work is showcased in this book) in action! The four members give some great memoirs and assorted stories of  growing up different in terms of gender and sexuality. I wanted the book to  go on and on because every story makes you stop and rethink the terms of  gender forced upon us by society. And don't even get me started on the  pictures!!! :)	1999-05-07
Finding common ground	What I most enjoyed about this book was it beautifully told of a relationship between a gay brother and a straight brother. As the two were trying to discover some common ground after all they'd gone through as kids  and so far as adults, I felt a resonance with my own life. There's no  guarantee they'll ever become close, but they just might try anyway. It  reminded me somewhat of the movie &quot;In the Gloaming&quot; where I  wanted to get back in contact with my family. Another reading of the twin  brothers is that it's two aspects of one mind trying to figure itself out.  It's like the gay side of the brain is conversing with the side that was  brought up to believe that being gay is wrong and the only life is through  strict religion. I'm sure there's more levels that that could take, too.	1999-05-07
