Got Ubik?	I thoroughly enjoyed Ubik. It has elements of time travel, social commentary through the many forms Ubik takes, mystery and horror, all set in the near future (now past) of 1992 and the past of 1939.	2005-08-29
Murder most local	I don't normally read true crime but the connection to the area where I now live was enough for me the book. I wish the writing style of these crimes was a little less flippant and a little more coherant. My favorite of the set was the last one in the group. I have to wonder if Jerome von Selz was in the back of Bob Kane's mind when he created the Joker.	2005-08-27
Embezzlement for a good cause?	Carib does a little embezzeling to help his village survive the reign of a greedy king.	2005-08-27
To the Moon...	A Man on the Moon is filled with numerous interesting details about the people behind the Apollo (and to a lesser degree Mercury and Gemini) missions. I found the many tangents and flashbacks unneccessarily distractions. I think I would have preferred a more straightforward approach to the timeline.	2005-08-27
Cats in Art	A beautiful book that weaves together art featuring felines, typography and puns. My two favorites are Japanese pieces: Preying Cat (the cat stalking the spider) and Zen Cat (the cat bowing to the mouse).	2005-08-27
Love Strikes Pine Cove	The only other book I've read by Moore is Practical Demonkeeping which I had enjoyed but it had taken me some time to get used to his writing style. This time I knew what to expect and once I started the book I couldn't put it down. The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove is a delightfully demented retelling of Pete's Dragon with a style of humor that rivals Terry Pratchett. <br /> <br />Moore's books are especially funny to me because there is a Pine Cove, California and while it's not where Moore has located it, he's captured the town's many small town quirks perfectly. Then he throws a supernatural event into the mix and sits back to watch the story unfold.	2005-08-27
Interesting but not comprehensive	The comics are the best part of the book. I wish there was more substance to the text. I feel I haven't learned all the much about the artists behind the comics. The ending chapter on the current (as of 1992) state of women in the industry was interesting. I did a quick survey of men and women currently doing comic strips and of the group I looked at, men seem to out number women 6 to 1.	2005-08-27
Travel, Comedy and Mystery	I enjoyed the book start to finish and the mystery bit at the end was a nice edition to an already funny parody of the typical travel memoir. I think my favorite character in the book was the prince. The accidental confrontation between him and Haverford made me laugh.	2005-08-27
Strong beginning, weak ending	I enjoyed Left Hand of Darkness, especially the first two thirds where Le Guin spends her time on the legends, history, culture and biology of the world. Once all these pieces are in place the book peters out with a long chase through the ice and a rather cliched tragic death scene. Were it not the for the last eighty pages, I would have rated this book five stars.	2005-08-24
Good but repetitive	While Tucker had some interesting scenes, I found the endless chase repetitive and the ending unsatisfying.	2005-08-24
Lovely book	It took me until page 46 to really get into the book. I started and stopped the book a number of times until he really got started on his trip. Then I was hooked. Stevens's unexpected opportunity to travel gives him the time to rethink his life as a buttler, coming to the conclusion that he was probably not the great buttler he thought himself as. Much of the book is spent reexamining his relationship with Miss Kenton with whom he had a numerous differences of opinion. It's also a study at class, ethnicity and culture, specifically the encroachment of outsiders (neuveau riche Americans) on the well ordered English lifestyle.	2005-08-24
Very funny!	Maybe it's that I am cat dependant or maybe it's that I hate self help books but I found this book a riot. I read it one sitting!	2005-08-24
Dude Woman	I enjoyed this post-modern western by Peter B. Kyne. I'm calling it post-modern because it takes place in the 1930s (contemporary for when it was published), fifteen years after Arizona state hood, so it has all the modern trappings (telephones, cars, etc.) but is still basically a western in that it deals a working ranch and the struggle over the land with a sheriff who is torn between upholding the law and protecting his cattle rustling sons. <br /> <br />Kyne fleshed out Mary Sutherland far better than I expected. She has a smart head for business, can handle a horse and is fluent in Spanish, all amazing accomplishments for the more typical 1930s heroine. The conflict and history of Hamilton and his son is where the book really captured my attention and interest.	2005-08-24
Entertaining look at interior design	Pretty funny book but I wish the author would have cited his sources. Are these previously published photos or worst case scenario pictures that he cooked up for the sake of this book? Sure as another kid of the 1970s, I do remember places that used some of these decorating gaffes but I'd still like to know if this is a very funny annotated non fiction or an equally funny parody. <br /> <br />Now some specific comments: <br /> <br />page 8: my step father used to have a suit just like that red one. I think mom finally convinced him not to wear it about mid 1986. <br /> <br />page 12: anyone who reads Country Living magazine will see that the room pictured is still a popular faux country look. I guess some things just don't go away as quickly as they probably should. <br /> <br />page 14: We have two bedrooms currently painted in two of the colors shown here. One is the bright green (top right square). The other is yellow (bottom right). Why am I admiting this? <br /> <br />page 47: I think I saw a room just like this in a recent issue of Florida Design. Giant food paintings are still in apparently. <br /> <br />page 53: I want that bookshelf of death! <br /> <br />page 102: I want that owl and pussy cat sculpture! <br /> <br />page 104: My parents still have a wicker box just like the one pictured. It was the family room \\"coffee table\\" for about 20 years. It's recently been moved to a different room.	2005-08-24
Good book	I came to this book after having seen the film and I enjoyed both though I have to say I enjoyed the book slightly more than the film. In modernizing the time of the story for the film, new technologies come into play making Bourne's flight through Europe almost impossible because he can be tracked via cell phone signals, satelite imagry, email and the internet. In the book's diegesis, the year is 1980 (there abouts) and there are none of these modern devices, allowing Bourne and his female companion more time to plan and to act. I also prefer Maria in the book because she actually has useful skills. In the film she is just there as a convenient ride away from the initial confrontation and later hangs onto Bourne out of Stockholm syndrome. It was refreshing to see her have useful skills and a more robust personality than she does in the film.	2005-08-24
Sad	Well written book as most of Hemingway's books are but the ending is just so sad! I didn't expect it to turn out well but at the same time I didn't expect it end quite so sadly either.	2005-08-24
Too chaotic	I didn't like the book. There was nothing to any of the characters that made me willing to put up with Foer's chaotic style of writing. The experience was rather a chore and a headache to read.	2005-08-24
An easy afternoon read	The book is best when the main characters are stranded on the mountain. The last forty pages or so back in Los Angeles are a rather hurried race to romantic climax. The book can be easily read in one afternoon.	2005-06-17
Wonderful sequel	This book is so much better than the Sorcery and Cecilia. I'm glad I stuck it out and finished Sorcery and Cecilia so I could enjoy this sequel. The Grand Tour has all of the characters in place and the authors seemed more focused on the mystery so that the plot kept moving at a good pace. I enjoyed riding along with their trip through Europe.	2005-06-17
The Lighthouse keeper and the Librarian	Many of Lincoln's books have an element of mystery: burglaries, mysterious deaths, etc, but not this one. While Rugged Water is entertaining it is more of a romance than a mystery. There are mysterious circumstances but nothing as well defined as an unexplained death or an obvious murder. In this case, the trappings of mysteries are used to dress a romance. Here the question is: will Cal stick with Myra or will he win Norma's heart? It is fun to see two characters reappear from Blair's Attic.	2005-06-17
Rankism	Robert Fuller clearly put his heart and soul into Somebodies and Nobodies and it was certainly an interesting read. I found some of the repetition a bit tedious so I have to admit to skimming the latter third of the book. There is a lovely bibliography in the back and I will be perusing it for some ideas to add to my wishlist. I am glad I read the book; it verified a lot of the life lessons my grandmother taught me as a child.	2005-06-17
Iron Cage	The prologue and epilogue give a clue to the inspiration for the story. Unfortunately for my enjoyment of the book I cared a great deal more about the cat and her kittens than I did for the three stranded humans on some distant planet. The story of man marooned among intelligent animals has been done much better in other stories (Planet of the Apes for instance) that it took quite a bit of determination for me to finish the book. Things finally pick up at the half way point when some other humans arrive to \\"rescue\\" the three castways and thankfully the book does give a happy ending back on earth to the cat and her kittens.	2005-06-17
Typically entertaining Miss Marple	The Body in the Library is an entertaining and easy to read book. Near the end the book rushes to finish as Miss Marple starts jumping to conclusions without sharing most of her insights until the coda chapter. But it's still a fun read.	2005-06-17
Claustrophobia	Dragon in the Sea is quite a departure from Dune. It's more akin to The Santaroga Barrier (my favorite Herbert book) in Herbert starts with a few ordinary events and then turns them into psychological dramas. For this book, he goes one step further and leaves off the chapter divisions to create a literary claustrophobia to match the claustrophic conditions of the submarine. Some of the psychobable to explain the captain's behavior was a bit silly but I'll forgive it for the otherwise enjoyable thriller with science fiction trappings.	2005-06-17
Watch out for those Y and Z rays	I've finished the book and enjoyed it although I'm finding myself enjoying the movie for it's frenetic pacing slightly more. While the book certainly ties up more of the plot's loose ends and shows a glimmer of hope for Rom's future, the pacing of the story suffers near the middle as the motivations and histories of all the different characters (many who are left out of the film) are introduced and explored.	2005-06-17
A Day with my Dad	A boy spends the day with his father and they pretend to be all sorts of different animals. The book is clearly based on a real father/son relationship as the book is dedicated: \\"For Peter, Max, and Zachary--I.A.\\" probably on the author's husband's relationship with presumably their sons. The story gives the impression that dad isn't around much and the son clearly craves time with him. Mom it's implied isn't much for imagination as the son's first thought at seeing dad there to wake him up is that the day will be spent prentending. I find this unspoken tug-of-war between the parents and their parenting styles rather troubling.	2005-06-17
Cute but Repetitive	Cute book but a bit repetative in places. The house buying stories were the most amusing just because we've recently gone through that ourselves. My husband also enjoyed the book, so while it's clearly marketed at women, men who enjoy humorous essay style memoirs will also enjoy Under the Duvet.	2005-06-17
Alias Jane Smith -- Interior Decorator	Alias Jane Smith -- interior decorator. Like the other Kelland books I've read, it is the story of a person who has been thrust into an unusual situation and a hostile environment and must use his or her own wits and industry to succeed and survive. In this case, the character is a duchess exiled and penniless in New York during WWII. To survive she must become an interior decoration. In the process she stumbles into a blackmailing ring.	2005-05-06
An American Dickens?	As with most Joseph C. Lincoln books, it takes time to get used to how he writes the regional dialect. The story then takes off, describing the classic tale of young love springing from a pair of long feuding families and how that love affects old enemies. <br /> <br />Fans of Bleak House might enjoy this book as it clearly takes inspiration from that Dicken's classic. There is the decades old law suit, the family secrets, the young woman sent to live with her guardian, etc. The Big Mogul though takes these story elements and puts them into 1880s Massachusetts culture.	2005-05-03
Bleak House	What is the Bleak House? It is an old mansion, home of John Jarndyce and his three wards: Ester, Ada and Ricard. It is also the squalid conditions of Tom's-All-Alone. It is the bleak out come of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce. It is the Victorian shame of an illegimate child. There are many bleak houses in this book.<br /><br />Bleak House carries a warning against the excesses of nuisance suits and the danger of a laisez-faire government which it wraps up in a delightful albeit complex and dense comedic romance of a young woman supposedly orphaned and sent to live with her guardian who is stuck in a generations long lawsuit over an estate. Interestingly, I recently read an American story that obviously borrowed heavily from Bleak House. To anyone who enjoys Bleak House, I recommend The Big Mogul by Joseph C. Lincoln.	2005-05-03
Cats in May	The book left me feeling that I know no more about Doreen, Charles and their cats than before I started reading the book. I just never managed to connect with Tovey's writing style and the chapters had the feeling of being stories that were only funny if one had been there.	2005-04-30
Good for younger readers	It's a bunch of 1 or 2 page rescue stories written very simplistically. Would be a good book for beginning readers but doesn't have enough substance for older readers to enjoy.	2005-04-30
Informative	Daughters of Isis is a very informative book. There were times when I felt that the author was either drawing conclusions from thin air or repeating information to pad the book but these offenses are out numbered by the many fascinating illustrations and quotes from ancient texts.	2005-04-30
Toujours Provence is better	It was interesting reading the first book after having read Toujours Provence. Of the two I prefer Toujours for it's vingette style of wrapping the author's autobiographical elements around the eccentric lives of those he meets. In A Year in Provence, it's exactly that, twelve chapters that start in January and go linearly through to December. Both are valid story telling methods but I think that the thematic method used in the sequel made for a more entertaining book.	2005-04-24
Cat's-Paw	Cat's-Paw seemed like such a stretch from the other Kelland books I've read that I ended up doing a little Google search for the author. To my slight surprise many of his books were turned into films. Probably his best known adaptation is Mr. Deeds Goes to Town (recently remade as just Mr. Deeds). I also learned that Kelland is Harlan Ellison's favorite author and he has a rant on his website bemoaning that no one reads Kelland's books anymore or even remembers him. <br /> <br />This particular book was in fact made into a film, also called \\"The Cat's-Paw\\" and it starred Harold Lloyd in 1934. Harold Lloyd playing a rather serious character who grew up in China (but is not Chinese)? From the description on IMDB, it sounds like the book was turned from a cautionary tale against government and business corruption to a full-out screwball comedy romance. Yes, there is a romantic element to the book (all Kelland books contain a romantic boy-meets-girl thread) but in Cat's-Paw, this romance is muted and down-played. If I ever come across a copy of the film I'll have to rent it just to see how it was bastardized. <br /> <br />Another important theme which was probably tossed out for the film was that of prejudice. The main character, though American by birth, is culturally Chinese having spent his entire life in China. He speaks Chinese (Catonese), he respects the Chinese leaders and philosophers (and quotes them frequently). He is always respectful to the Chinese imigrants living in Middlesex (much to the bemusement of the other characters) and rebukes his friends who do not show the same respect. From the movie poster on IMDB, I think all of this was tossed out.	2005-04-20
Allegories of Cinema	A history of American cinema in the 1960s. It focuses on the avant garde, experimental scene -- Brakhage, Warhol et al.	2005-04-18
Doesn't matter that it's fiction	Take it with a grain of salt. It's an interesting look at hoboism, sex, drugs, pimping, anarchy and Depression era Americana. I remember reading this book at the laundromat in Alhambra. It was quite a page turner. It doesn't matter that it's fiction disguised as an autobiography. It's still a fun read.	2005-04-13
Better than Maus	I enjoyed Persepolis and learned a great deal about events that happened when I was but a child myself. Marjane manages to capture the humanity of her friends and family in the middle of chaotic times. While the subject matter and presentation are very similar to the Maus books by Spiegelman, I think that Persepolis is more effective in its story telling because the people are left people for the good and the bad.	2005-04-13
Rather silly	Many of Peter's one off mysteries involve a heroine who has some dark family mystery that she feels personally responsible for solving by her self. The Jackal's Head follows this mold and comes up with a hokey set of circumstances. It's still a fun read for fans of mysteries that take place in Egypt and fans of Elizabeth Peters / Barbara Michaels.	2005-04-13
Excellent book	If Joseph C. Lincoln had set down to write The Man Who Folded Himself he would have come up with something like The Wooden Sea. Fran, a small town chief of police, has found himself in the middle of a time traveling mystery / conspiracy where the fate of Crane's View rests on his ability to sort things out. The first chapter didn't do much for me but by the second chapter the quirky plot began to surface. By the third chapter I was hooked all the way through the epilogue which seemed like a tidy albeit somewhat ambiguous (as many time travel books are) ending.	2005-04-13
Good book but forced ending	Save for the \\"hit you below the belt\\" ending, I would have giving this book a full ten out of ten. The ending was cheaply melodramatic and just there for shock value. I haven't seen the film though I know enough about it to say that the actors cast for the roles don't look anything like they're described in the book.	2005-03-26
Not much better than film	When I saw the film I felt there was a lot left out. The film's narrative seemed disjointed and rushed. The book while it does fill in some of those glossed in details has its own pacing problems. After spending pages and pages explaining why something can't be done, this road block is suddenly gone. Then there's the ultimate \\"trip\\" to Vega is just as disappointing in the book (though certainly more coherent than the cinematic version).	2005-03-25
Good except for the TV series bits	The book is rather split brained in how it tries to present Laura Ingalls Wilder's biography. One part of it tries to tell events straight up as they happened. Another part tries to track the pieces of her life Wilder left out of her \\"Little House\\" series. The final part tries to bring in the television series which deviated from both versions of Wilder's life in some significant ways. Personally I wish the biography (especially the cover art) were left out the television series as it's the weakest part of the book.	2005-03-25
Too Dark of a Place	While her Sherlock books are amusing -- this book is just too dark and too depressing for me. I've tried to read it and I keep finding excuses to read something else instead.	2005-03-25
Good but could have been better.	My husband rates Sorcery & Cecelia five stars. He found it a quick, fun and entertaining read. I had a harder time getting into the book. Even after the plot took off with one of the character's disppearance I still found my attention wandering. It was until the last 80 or so pages that it completely engrossed me.	2005-03-25
Good but disappointing ending	I enjoyed this book up until the last few chapters. The death of the baby and nursing of the sick man was just too much for me. It was too melodramatic and overdone. Up until the disappointing and forced ending I relished in the descriptions of the drive across the country to California during the Depression and life in the migrant farms.	2005-03-25
Yawn	I haven't seen the film but there's still not much to like about the book. It's full of lame cliches and silly (without being entertaining) fight scenes.	2005-03-25
Too much backstory	The book was not my cup of tea. I don't remember the events enough to care about any of the people covered in this book. The part I was most interested in was the scandal with the judging, not with the lovingly written back stories of each of the skaters. By the time the book got to the bit I was interested in I was bored and put the book aside.	2005-03-25
Not much original content	There isn't much original thought in this book. Most of it is just a rehashing of Martin Gardner's many wonderful books.	2005-03-25
Excellent book	The Gunpowder Plot is one of the best history texts I've read. It does have moments where it dwells too long in setting up the events but fortunately those moments are not the majority of the book. The Gunpower Plot / Guy Fawkes day is not something taught in U.S. schools (or if it is, it's glossed over) so I came to this book note knowing much and came away having learned a great deal. There are also three sections of lovely illustrations of paintings and such that were worth looking at.	2004-12-14
Out of date but still interesting	This children's science book was written right around the time that plate tectonics was first figured out and accepted as the working model for the Earth's geology. In the volcano section it does not mention Mount St Helens as that volcano was still dormant when this book was published.	2004-11-11
Skip the flashbacks for a truer Zelazny experience	This is a book from the nadir of Zelazny's life and career as a writer. It's a much better book, though still heavily flawed, if the chapters with the flash backs are skipped. The flashbacks are written out of chracter for Zelazny's usual style of writing so I can only guess that they are Thomas T. Thomas's contribution to this book. The story itself isn't much different than the second half of the Amber series, namely that of Merle and his semi-sentient computer. Zelazny usually doesn't bother with a lot of back story and in his better pieces, Tom Gurgen would have known by about page 30 that he was somehow tied to Loki. He'd have his powers and be trying to figure out why he had them, who wanted them and who he should aly himself with. But here the pacing is off and all the really typical (and good) Zelazny stuff doesn't happen until the last thirty pages of the book!	2004-11-11
Wonderful	I wish Balfour had concentrated more on his love of crosswords and less on the memoir. The crossword discussion and examples were fascinating and educational. I've learned a great deal on the art of solving the cryptic variety of crosswords. By the end of the book my chances of solving these clues had gone from none to slim. The deciding factor now is a matter of culture. So many of the clues in the British puzzles relate to British culture and/or slang as well they should. I'm fairing better with the clues in the Games Magazine cryptic crosswords which is a huge step forward for me.	2004-11-11
Narrator's personality gets in the way.	I've done my best to read Word Freak, having heard great things about this memoir of the Scrabble championships but so far I just can't get past my dislike of the narrator. He interupts the flow of the book to either brag about his education (he has a degree in journalism) and yet he revels in his ignorance of words when the other better Scrabble players most often not only know if a set of tiles makes a word but what that word means. The author seems satisfied with only memorizing the word minus the definition because if the word were important he'd already know it. He does after all have a journalism degree. I passionately hate that line of reasoning.	2004-11-11
Page turner for lovers of horses and horseracing	It's a well written history of Seabiscuit but after a while it lost my interest. For someone with more passion about horses and race horses in particular, this would be quite a page turner.	2004-11-11
Needs editing.	Inside Out claims to be a memoir of the blacklist and while the blacklist, HUAC and McCarthy trials are mentioned, it's mostly just a meandering autobiography. Bernstein needs an editor to shorten and break up these chapters to keep things more on topic. The first chapter is by far the best at covering the blacklist era and shows how it turned the film and television industry \\"inside out.\\" The second and third chapters go back in time, covering in all of his childhood in one and all of World War Two in another. They also strive to build an explanation of why Bernstein chose to join the American Communist party but instead of presenting a well-thought and erudite discussion of third party politics, socialism and communism, he weakens his overall memoir with long winded, rambling tangents.	2004-11-11
My son loves this book	My 2 year old loves the music in this book. He also likes the pictures but mostly he just wants to listen to the music over and over again. Each page has new lyrics for each of the songs. There are five pieces that the book plays. The music box part of the book takes those flat watch or camera batteries and info on the battery type is included with the book.	2004-10-26
Too sentimental	Blackberry Wine is sickenly sweet in its sentimentality but it does score points for having a unique narrator. The flashbacks to Pog Hill distract from the present day story. The book is tighter and more compelling a read when those chapters are skipped. When the story finally moves away from Jay's fond memories of how great Joe was and goes to the mystery of Jay's neighbor and her daughter Rosa the story hits its stride. I wish it had focused more on them and less on \\"Jackapple Joe.\\"	2004-10-25
If you like Douglas Adams, you'll want Moore	Christopher Moore's style of humor and story telling is akin to that of Douglad Adams. Like thie Hitchhiker to the Galaxy series Moore keeps his scenes short and he jumps from place to place rather than following one character.  <br /> <br />There's also the added bonus to anyone who knows California of his perfect description of the Big Sur tourist trap communities. The city that he's describing is probably actually Cambria (at least it fits the description in terms of local and personality), I couldn't help but also think of the real Pine Cove (also in California but south east of Riverside).  <br /> <br />As this book was published originally in 1992 there are pieces of the book that are clearly dated, namely the WWI vets still being somewhat plausible and two the pre internet chat rooms. In that regard, this book reminded me of the Sue Grafton mysteries (if Santa Teressa were being rampaged by a hungry demon).	2004-10-25
Slow to start but wonderful finish	Akunin builds his story by deconstucting the psyches of his characters. I found the narrative style reminscent at times to Crime and Punishment though neither as complex and sadly not always as compelling as Dostoevsky's classic. Once Fandorin goes to London the plot picks up, revealing layers of intrigue and world wide plots.	2004-10-25
Peter Sellers	I learned a lot about both Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan (bonus). I realize I have seen barely any of Sellers's films. I know him best for his role as Inspect Clouseau. My father was a huge fan of Sellers and took me to see all of his Clouseau films. Having now read his biography I can see a certain kinship between Sellers and my father. Both were rather depressed, insular people with well meaning but overly ambitious (and nagging) mothers and both never quite recovered from the divorce from their first wife.	2004-10-12
Enjoyable but disjointed.	I enjoyed the illustrations and their captions and I learned a great deal about shawls, shawl making, the \\"paisley\\" pattern and Paisley the city. While this thin book appeared that it would be an easy read, I found the chapters rather disjointed from each other making the transition from topic to topic difficult.	2004-10-12
Good except for the slow start and finish	While the bulk of the story is a captivating way of experiencing the magic of Seattle and harsh realities of being a homeless vet the novel is bookended with a slow opening and a confusing ending. In both cases I found myself rereading passages just to figure out what was happening. The slow start nearly kept me from reading the rest of the book but I am glad I had continued reading.	2004-10-12
Lots of ah ha moments	I've enjoyed the short chapters-each one a brief glance at those pivetal moments in one's life. I know I've had a few of those \\"ah ha!\\" moments that have so changed my course of life and career and I've many similar stories from friends and relatives. My only complaint is that sometimes Po Bronson feels the need to interject herself and question the wisdom and direction her interviewees take which is completely contrary to the spirit of the book!	2004-10-12
Entertaining and heartwarming	I can see why Stuart McLean is one of Canada's beloved storytellers through the warmth, humanity and humor of his stories. My favorite stories came early in the book, one of them being \\"Turkey\\" which starts off both the book and the Winter section. The description of the turkey before it was roasted had me and my husband howling with laughter. Another favorite is the one about the birthday party, especially the scene where Dave tries to frost the cake while it is still warm. My husband recently made the same mistake when he was frosting my birthday cake. I think there is enough depth to this collection of stories that most any one can come away with a favorite story or at least a favorite scene.	2004-10-06
Georgia's journals continue to entertain	Another fun and quick read but with a wee bit more maturity from Georgia. It's been fun to watch her and her friends grow. The ending was a wonderful call back to the previous book. Near the end of the book I found the story dragging a bit but not to the point that I loss interest or wanted to put the book down.	2004-10-06
Sissy Kissy	While the Wish List has the same quirky characters as the Artemis Fowl series, the story didn't hold my attention as well. I found myself having to put the book down or go back to reread sections. The story turns direction and picks up speed at the Kissy Sissy chapter but somewhat to the determent of plot. Just suddenly the main character knows how her powers work. Then later the story stops dead in its tracks for some lengthy flashback chapters where a paragraph or two would have sufficed.	2004-09-29
Perfect stories for bedtime scares	I thoroughly enjoyed these short stories. They're the perfect length, each about 10 to 15 pages, just enough to build up the story and knock it over with a classic Bradbury twist. My favorite stories for far are \\"The Burning Man\\", which asks the reader to reexamine his or her own prejudices in the setting of a typical lone road hitchhiker horror story, and \\"The Perfect Murder\\" which shows that time is the ultimate judge and jury.	2004-09-21
Good except for Ramses	While I found Guardian of the Horizon one of the better recent books in the series and closer to the charms and cheekiness of the earliest books, I still don't like Ramses. Why did Peters let this series become the Ramses Adventure serial? The end of chapter 11 made me put the book down for a good half hour of eewing. I don't want to know about Ramses love life. I'd rather he be seen and not heard. He's never been a well written or likeable character but had fortunately been nicely toned down for most of this book. I just wish that Peters had resisted the urge to write those \\"document H\\" fragments. The series is written from Amelia's POV and it should remain that way. Nothing is accomplished from those smoochies with Daria unless to spawn a \\"son of Ramses\\" book in the future. I shudder at the thought. <br /> <br />So for the good bits version -- the tongue and cheek jabs at the state of Egyptology in the early 20th centure were delightful to read. I've noticed in recent Egyptology books/movies (ever since Stargate) that Budge has gone from demigod to pariah and this book takes the pariah stance. I really must find a biography of him to make up my own mind. <br /> <br />Then there's the extreme silliness of Sethos -- another character that I'm not sure the series needs but I tolerate him. He's sort of there to poke fun at the dastardly villains of books from the turn of the 20th century. He's just there for the \\"Scooby Doo\\" ending although it would be fun to just once have a different villain.	2004-09-21
Loyalty Soufflet	Surrender the Pink was as enjoyable a read as Postcards from the Edge. Fisher does a good job of letting her characters age and mature although all of them remain somewhat troubled. I found Surrender the Pink an intriguing follow up to Bachelor Girl, a cultural history of the single working woman. Dinah, the protagonist, is a classic example of the conflicted single gal. She loves her job, likes sleeping alone and yet wants to married and maybe have a baby. She toys with trying to get back together with an ex but ultimately comes to her senses. The book, save for the tacked on epilogue, ends with Dinah deciding to stay single. The epilogue choses to save her from spinsterhood, although I'm not sure I like her choice of man. With the epilogue in place, I am reminded of the film Something's Got to Give and I'm thinking of the daughter in the film as being akin to Dinah.	2004-09-13
Ghost Stories	The reported cases are cited in the back of the book and there is a lenghty list of suggested reading. Nonetheless, I'm too much of skeptic to give too much creedance to these reported sightings. The chapters, though entertaining, read to me like urban legends or fictional ghost stories. As a follow up piece of fiction, I highly recommend Other Worlds by Barbara Michaels.	2004-09-13
Malaria and Immortality?	I enjoyed the book thoroughly but I'm left wanting greater closure. The resolution as it is leaves the protagonist knowing more than the reader thus ending in a state of suspense. Calcutta Chromosone will probably be one of those books torn apart and analysed in numerous literature classes. It unfolds its story by theme not by chronology. The path to discovery is perilous and only open to the chosen few. The Calcutta Chromone is about the journey on that path, not about the discovery itself.	2004-09-09
A journal through time	I think narcissism and time travel go hand in hand. Dan/Don/Danny/Diane et al is not much different than Dave Lister. I enjoyed the book quite a bit, though I have to wonder if the author retconned some of Dan's early stock picks. The original book was published in 1973, so unless the author has a time belt of his own or is psychic, he wouldn't have known about Apple and Sony. I'd love to get a first edition and compare those passages... The time travel plot and \\"twists\\" are fairly standard, the ending didn't suprise me but I did enjoy this telling of the story. The journal entries from the various incarnations allowed for a character growth that doesn't usually happen in this genre of book. I also liked the rather frank exploration of the main character's sexuality.	2004-09-09
Enjoyed the mix.	While I prefer Agatha Christie's longer works, it's sometimes nice just have a sampling. My favorite of the short stories are the ones with Parker Pyne who in one story reluctantly admits that his first name is Christopher. Pyne is the opposite of fastidious and sometimes pompus M. Poirot or the ever congenial Miss Marple. No, he's in his line of work for the money and makes no appoligies for it.	2004-09-09
The single woman in the 20th century	I really enjoyed her analysis of the cultural icons of the various decades. Her screenwriting background shows in her delightful analysis of a variety of films from the silent era all the way up through the recent television sitcoms. I think her final chapter is the weakest, but it's hard to analyize something while living in the middle of it.  <br /> <br />I stayed up until one in the morning to finish the book which is a testiment to how well written it is.	2004-09-09
Red Dwarf's slightly smarter brother	It's a wonderful tongue in cheek story backed by great speculative science. The combination of the sometimes screwball comedy with the specifics of how hyperspace could work and the details of the time lags of space comunication, etc, made for a believable and well formed diegesis. There were times reading this book that I just had to stop to laugh. The book reminds me a great deal of Red Dwarf.	2004-08-27
Powerful stories	I really enjoyed these ghost stories. The first story, \\"The Red Cottage\\" nearly gave me nightmares. Interestingly, some of the descriptions Wakefield uses for his ghosts show up in another ghost story I'm reading, Affinity and I'm enjoying the synchronicity between these two books. The introduction to the story collection says that Wakfield was a contemporary with Lovecraft and it shows in his stories, in the subtle way he turns the oridinary into the extroridinary and ultimately into the horrific. I find that his shorter stories pack more of an emotional punch than his longer ones. His best stories are the ones that stay under twenty pages. The longer ones lose their pacing. He doesn't throw in enough smaller scares in to compell rapid page turning. Nonetheless, stay with the longer stories and enjoy the endings. They all do satisfy at their conclusions.	2004-08-27
Spirtual Snake Pit	The first two thirds of Affinity reminded a great deal of The Snake Pit by Mary Jane Ward, a novel from the point of view of a woman in a sanitarium recovering from a nervous breakdown. But by the middle of second act, as Margaret Prior researches mysticism, the blandness of her life and the lives of the inmates begins to reveal pent up emtions. Under the guise of communion with the \\"spirits\\" Affinity spirals into a story filled with sexual tension, intrigue and madness. I was so caught up in Margaret's emotions that I completely missed Selena's devious playing of all the people in her life to ultimately win her freedom and prove in the process that she really did deserve her sentence in Millbank!	2004-08-27
A lot of the same	Proulx's style of writing takes some getting used to. I was hoping to enjoy these stories as much as I had enjoyed Accordian Crimes but after a while the stories all started to sound the same to me. She seems to delight in taking a small moment in time (the six seconds to ride a bull at a rodeo) and expand that moment of time out with lots of internal monologue and flash back. While these techniques can be great tools for character development she just doesn't manage much of that in these stories leaving all the stories to bleed together like one disjointed stream of conciousness account of Wyoming.	2004-08-27
Title Says It All	Dirty Jokes is his section for ranting about stuff. Each chapter starts with a dirty joke and the follows with something close to his typical stand up routine. This is Drew as stand up comedian section. It's the most crass of all the book and in some regards the funniest.  <br /> <br />Beer is Drew's more serious autobiography with information on how his sitcom ran (interesting details), his run ins with the tabloids (funny), his childhood and some thoughts on how he ended up the person he is. Having friends who've been through similar childhoods, his recollections seem very plausible and I'm sorry he went through what he did. I'm glad he's come out of it a stronger person.  <br /> <br />Stories of the Unrefined was my least favorite section. The stories werer just too dull after his chattier sections. When writing fiction he tries too hard to sound refined. He should just relax and let the story flow in his natural voice. <br />	2004-08-12
Short, quick read	The 39 Steps is actually a quick read and a rather dry thriller. I think part of that apparent dryness is a result of it being the inspiration for so many spy thrillers. It is impressive to see a book published in 1915 still in print -- so many books don't have this long of a life in print. All the comedic bits that make it a memorable Hitchcock film aren't there. Even as a young filmmaker he was already exercising his authority as an up and coming auteur.	2004-08-12
I'm so fin I'm deck!	So here I am dressed as fin as imaginable in my tie-die shirt and the test at the end of the book tells me I'm deck. The test came out more accurately for my husband pointing him out for for the poseur that he is. The illustrations are best part of the book and the most boring bits have to be the lengthy explanations of the various types of hipsters. By about the third one I just started skipping through these sections.	2004-08-11
Hit or miss	This book is hit or miss. When Crowther is trying to write like HP Lovecraft, his stories are fun reads. When he's trying to write like Stephen King, his stories are unneccessarily gorey and pretentious.	2004-08-11
Delightful	I really enjoyed the counterpoint of these beautiful and sometimes humorous black and white animal photographs.	2004-08-11
Enjoyable	It was a very enjoyable and easy read. There are parts scattered throughout the book where the author tends to ramble and wander onto tangents. The book would have been stronger and tighter if the author had stayed on topic. The line drawings peppered through the book add a nice bit of visual detail but I would have liked to have seen even more of them used. <br /> <br />	2004-08-11
Cute but not that deep	It's a cute little book and has some interseting suggestions for keeping relationships fresh. I'm not sure that romance is all that hard. It comes down to honesty, communication and a sense of humor.	2004-08-11
Good but could have been better.	I seriously considered putting the book down and starting a different book but it picked up after page 50. Since, though, this book is inspired heavily on real experiences I read on out of respect for the author. The tale of survival and hiding in Holland in WWII is amazing and I think often over looked in the retelling of that war.  <br /> <br />The book could have been better with stronger editing. Keep reading past the slow and rather trite begining.	2004-08-11
Ghost Orchid	Over all it's a fascinating look at orchid collecting, the industry, the hobby, the culture around it and its history. The book starts as the author attempts to follow the trial of a man accused of trying to steal (and clone) the Ghost Orchid which grows in the wilds of Florida. The trial quickly gets left behind as the chapters follow their own orchid related tangents. By the last eighty pages I was ready for the book to refocus on the main \\"characters\\" as the book had begun to drag.	2004-08-10
Too many points of view	I've come to the conclusion that I really don't like books written from multiple points of view. There are some absolutely compelling scenes hidden amongst the pretentiousness. The worst written chapters are the ones from the servants' points of view. While I appreciate that Drury was probably trying to show their awe and reverence for the various nobility and royalty, the extra words spent on groveling and self deprecation turns simple thoughts and plot progressions into multiple page passages of wasted words. The book is much smoother if the servant scenes are skipped all together.	2004-08-09
Great start	I really enjoyed this book. It was a much stronger told story than Voigt's more experimental Orfe. All the characters get a chance to mature over the course of Jackaroo and enough loose ends are tied up by the conclusion to give the book a satisifying sense of closure while still leaving the Kingdom interesting enough to start off a series of book. I certainly will want to read more of the books in this series! The book would have been even better if Voigt had tightened up the first half of the book where she introduces Gwyn and her motivations for her adventures in the second half of the book.	2004-08-09
Rather simplistic	It was a good introduction to cats but as a long time cat lover most of the facts in the book I already knew. I had hoped for something a little more academic or something that went into greater debth on the social interactions of those colonies of semi-feral cats. I know Morris has taken part in those studies but Catwatching doesn't touch on it (except briefly in the introduction). The illustrations though are wonderful.	2004-08-09
Thrilled to see it back in print!	I read a first edition copy and I'm thrilled to see this book back in print. It was originally published in 1925. <br /> <br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book even though I had solved the mystery 2/3 of the way through the story. The book reads like a Saturday matinee serial with quick chapters, lots of action and cliff hangers. The romance at the end feels tacked on. There is no reason for the detective and the librarian to fall for each other!	2004-08-09
One of my favorite books	I have a beloved hard copy that I've owned since sophomore year of high school when I learned about Howard Carter and Tutankhamen in A.P. History class. I was hooked and had to learn more. I've read that the first edition was actually two volumes but I haven't ever come across any copies yet.	2004-07-16
Useful to beginners	I bought this crossword dictionary about 20 years ago when I was starting out with doing crosswords. I haven't looked at it in years as it just seems like cheating. One word of caution, the binding is rather flimsy. My copy lost a few pages over the course of normal use.	2004-07-16
Play Ball!	A short but thorough history of baseball as seen through the development of signs, sign stealing and tip-off reading. Includes some delightful photographs, numerous anotations, a lengthy bibliography and index. Paul Dickson's approach to baseball makes me wonder if the recent homerun records aren't more a case for renewed talent in sign stealing / tip-off reading than for new technology for bats or performance inhancing drugs.	2004-07-16
Fond memories of reading this book	I'm glad to see that in the reprint the cover art has been fixed. While the painting on the first edition is well executed it has NOTHING to do with the story. The new cover art is closer to correct, though I would have loved to see the little calico standing in front of the ornately carved blue door rather than inside the tool shed. I guess the door would have been quite difficult to do justice.<br />I also have to admit that once I was about 1/3 through this book, I realized and remembered that I had read this book when it had first come out (but had forgotten much of the plot). I can recall reading it for the first time in a salon on State Street as a freshman at UCSB. I remember thinking it would be cool to have a calico cat (I now do). And I remember being annoyed by the cover art.<br />One piece that confused me about the story is the timing of the events. Only until the last chapter and the epilogue is the story given a timeline of 1957 being the &quot;present&quot; but the way San Francisco and Marin are described, pieces of the story feel like they should be taking place either now (late 1990s when the book was written or 2000s if the present was meant to be the near future). Other events make the book seem like it should be taking place in the 1920s or 1930s. I think the biggest sticking point is the mention of an earthquake being strong enough to kill some characters in the back story. San Francisco is known for two big quakes: 1906 and 1989. Of course it turns out that the earthquake in question is completely fictional but I think it would have been better if the timeline could have been wrapped around an actual quake or the city in qusetion moved to a place not so known for two quakes. In other words, I found the odd details distracting at times that I just wanted the plot to take where it wanted to go. <br />The author though excels at two pieces of this book: her understanding of cats and her ability to describe paintings. It helps that she is an accompished artist in her own right. When she was describing Braden's series of portraits fo Melissa I could see them so clearly! When she was describing the little calico cat, I felt as if she were in the room with me.	2004-07-16
A page turner	I enjoyed every word of this book. It was the perfect post Christmas book for me. I always enjoy Stephen King's works. I'm honestly suprised that I haven't read more of his books and short stories than I have.	2004-07-16
Rather dry	The Fantasy Factory is a rather short and rather dry look at the behind the scenes of the Sex Phone industry and in particular, one company. As there are only a couple dozen real life accounts of what it is like to work as an operator, the book is rather anecdotal. In tone and approach the book is similar to Nickel and Dimed but is more academic. At just under 130 pages, there isn't much room for deep analysis. I would have liked to read more about the business aspect of it, the history of it and the social ramifications/taboos from the callers' points of view.	2004-07-16
Green Eyed Monster	F. Scott Fizgerald took inspiration from his wife Zelda. He wrote an essay that explains how the various colors relate both to her and to the important themes in his novels. The Great Gatsby is the perfect distallation of these themes and codes.	2004-07-16
Interesting but not as good as his short stories	I'm torn as how best to review this book. One the one hand I've seen many adaptations of the book on TV and film. Some credit the book others don't. Having just recently seen the UK series &quot;Survivors&quot; (1975) I must say that I'm surprised that Terry Nation didn't credit Wyndham given the heavily lifted plot and dialogue! Sure, the main characters are changed around but the incidental plot elements are nearly the same and in the same order. All that is missing is the triffids and the comet.<br />Which brings me to my main complaint about the book: The triffids hardly have anything to do with the plot of the book even though they are the title of it and are the most thought out piece of the book. The idea of a tech industry expirament let loose in the wild was fascinating but save for chapter 2, nothing is further is developed along those lines.<br />Then there's the comet (if it is one) which blinds everyone and then the unexplained plague a few days later. Now if you believe the B film Day of the Comet, the comet turns those who saw it into zombies -- triffids be damned and then the same sort of plot (minus menacing plants) goes on. In this book though, the two seem unrelated except to kill off all those annoying recently rendered blind folks.	2004-07-16
Cute	I think my husband would rate this atlas a 5. His response was &quot;A map of Discworld? AWESOME!&quot;<br />I'll have to go with cute, rather than awesome. I wish there was a little more to it. I'm a map and atlas junkie and this one just doesn't follow through enough for me. It's still a must for Pratchett fans, though.	2004-07-16
Plot summary does not equal analysis.	Plot summary does not equal analysis. This book falls into the trap of using plot summary to pad an otherwise shallow and poorly thought out book. The writing style waffles between flippant and unneccessarily reverent for Roddenberry. The Ethics of Star Trek would be a much stronger book if it approached the series in terms of the times they were made. Does the Orignal Series reflect the ethic debates of the late 1960s? Why did post cold war 1990s produce a series as dark as Deep Space Nine and what sorts of cultures and ethical questions are represented by the B'Jorans, Cardassians and the Dominion? How are these ethical questions brought to the screen? How does film editing, writing, music, etc. work to build up the ethical theses? How do these same elements work against the theses?<br />None of these topics are covered. Instead there are simplistic retellings of the classic foundations of ethics and logic. The chapter on the Cave, for instance, is laughable. <br />I am now just waiting to hear back from the person after me for an address. Then I'll get this book back into the mail.	2004-07-16
I don't like Alexander	It started off strongly and at first I was enjoying the book with the same sort of enthusiasm I had enjoyed Arrows of the Queen some ten years ago. Then Alexander happened and I yelled at the book and contemplated tossing it across the room. From about page 200 to about page 275, I couldn't help but picture Donkey from Shrek and I found the whole experience very distracting.<br />My husband told me that the book got better and every time I growled about Alexander, he reminded me, &quot;But he's important to the story.&quot; Things fortunately did get better and I could enjoy the last third of the book although with not quite the same way as I had the first third. <br />I am waiting now for zombiebooker to get back to me with an address. If I don't hear back in a day or two longer, I'll send the book onto Eskielover.	2004-07-16
Short Story collection mascarading as a novel	Golden Apples is a novel by Eudora Welty that reads like a series of bizarre short stories with the same recurring characters set in a fictional town in Mississippi. Some readers may find it difficult because of its use of language (...). Others may find it difficult just for it's odd prose. The chapters are not linear nor are obvious segues ever used to cue the reader in that a jump in time has taken place. There are also lots of characters with similar names making it easy to lose track of who has done what, when. If I were more drawn into the book I'd want to reread it to get the pieces I missed or misunderstood but frankly I'm just not captivated enough to want to do that right now.	2004-07-16
Disjointed but entertaining	All in all I enjoyed the book. I was suprised that so late in the book the crimes happened. The detecting part of the story seemed more disjointed than the set up of the crimes. For a book published originally in 1942, I found the characters and plot rather modern. There are of course some pieces that show the book's age but I don't want to ramble on and risk giving away spoilers.	2004-07-16
Wonderful book	Every time I've read this book I've enjoyed it.  I know this book was scandalous when it was first released and banned in a few places for its raciness but I've never found the book offensive -- just absolutely captivating. It's one of those very rare books that can make an ancient society come to life without bogging down the plot. The cover art for this particular copy is perfect too.	2004-07-16
Better than the film	My in laws took us to see the film when it played at the Rialto in South Pasadena. The cinematography was beautiful but the movie was missing substenance. It felt like someone had taken a wonderful story and shreaded it. A couple weeks after seeing the film I ran across a copy of the book at the Book House (an excellent used book shop if you're ever in South Pasadena). I bought the copy and read the book in one or two settings. I LOVED the book. The movie then came to life for me in my mind with the book filling in the details.	2004-07-16
Not as entertaining as 1 & 2	I see that Colfer has left himself a wee opening for an Artemis Fowl #4 and if there were one, I would read it. The Eternity Code's pacing is slower than books #1 and #2 but it's just as tight and almost just as entertaining. While on the one hand I was glad to see Butler make it through to the end, the book would have been stronger in many regards if he hadn't. I was also suprised to see Artemis' parents suddenly absent after they were Artemis' raison d'etra in books #1 and #2.	2004-07-16
Fun	It's not a brillant book. It won't win any awards but as a written adaptation of the series Charmed, it does a good job. Prue, Piper and Phoebe come across as they're portrayed in the series. The mystery behind the magic shenanigans unfolds just as it would as an episode. And it takes just about as long to read as it would to watch.	2004-07-16
Too self-congratulatory	Zubrin is a bit too self-congratulatory. The time he takes in each chapter to pat himself on the back drags down an otherwise interesting, if unrealistic, study of human space travel to Mars. All his assumptions leave little to no margin of error. Recent events have shown that accidents do happen to either expensive and/or tragic results. We're not yet to the point emotionally, economically or politically where we can be as cavalier as Zubrin's plan requires.<br />On writing style, Zubrin manages to take an interesting subject and turn it into something dry and tedious to read. The pieces where he actually sticks to the science of Mars and of space travel, it's a quick and interesting read with informative graphics but these bits are hidden amongst long passages of minutiae relevant only to Zubrin.	2004-07-16
Kit Lit	I loved the book. The last chapter almost pulled the same manipulative ending as Breath, Eyes, Memory and Friendship Cake but thankfully didn't. Given the photograph on the back of the book, I have to wonder if the author was writing in part about himself. It was nice to see the Bachelor evolve as a character as the kitten brought out the best in him. Anyone who liked this book would also like Clevland Amory's books and James Herriot's Cat Stories. With so many of these sentimental books about men and their cats, do they count as a genre-&quot;kit lit&quot; perhaps?	2004-07-16
Great Short Stories!	Whereas Wyndham may now be best remembered for his novel Day of the Triffids clearly his strenghth as a story teller lay in the short story rather than the novel. These stories, the longest of which is thirty pages, each of which starts on the notion of &quot;what if...&quot; are delightfully entertaining, thrilling or disturbing depending on the tone of the particular story. <br />CHRONOCLASM: It's the story of a man faced with sudden knowledge of the immediate and distant future and his willing participation (for good and bad) to see the future play out as it has been described to him. Though the threat of a temporal paradox is presented, the story ends up playing out as if paradoxes cannot come into being leaving the reader to ponder if man really has as much free will as he thinks he does.<br />TIME TO REST: <BR>This is one of three stories themed around Mars. Here the Martians are native humanoids, tall, graceful and cultured. The main character is an expatriot Earthman living the sort of life one of Hemingway's characters would have lived if he had written science fiction. It's really just a lovely mood piece.<br />METEOR:<BR>Meteor plays on the notions of perception and assumption as it follows the disasterous attempt of a slow ship to colonize a far away world.<br />SURVIVAL:<BR>Survival is the closest these stories get to pure horror. It has all of the classic themes of man's inhumanity to man and monster within that is released when one's existence is threatened. It is the second story that features Mars but here Mars is an unattainable goal.<br />PAWLEY'S PEEPHOLES:<BR>This story is another time travel piece but is much more lighthearted than Chronoclasm. What would happen if people from the future decided to turn the past into one giant theme park? How would the citizens of the past react?<br />OPPOSITE NUMBER<BR>Here's another take on time travel. This story works around the idea of different futures arising from different outcomes to decisions. Can true love sort things out when fates goes horribly pear shaped?<br />PILLAR TO POST<BR>Wyndham's writing here reminded me most of H.G. Wells's social comentary science fiction, espcially that of The Time Machine. Here a man gets a brief chance to live in the future when he is mistakenly transmitted into a distant future. Although the future society is no Eutopia it is better than his life in the past. How hard will he fight to keep his future life and do they really want him in the future?<br />DUMB MARTIAN<BR>If the woman in this story weren't a Martian (and I think she was a human but of a multi-generation Martian lineage), the story would just be a cautionary tale against domestic abuse.<br />COMPASSION CIRCUIT<BR>There are a couple classic Twilight Zone episodes that are similar to this story of man and machine and man becoming machine. It's not particularly unique or clever but still chilling.<br />WILD FLOWER<BR>The last story of the group is by far the weakest. The book ends on a whimper. Just sing Where Have All the Flowers Gone and leave it at that.	2004-06-20
Star Wars...	The book suffers from the same plot problems as the movie in its original form does. As I'm not a huge fan of the series of films, I wasn't all that taken in by the book either. It was interested to read this book as a stand alone document from the 1970s. Some of what to come was there but there was also gaps and inconsistencies (within the book itself and of course with future plot developments).	2004-06-20
Pancakes for Dessert	The cookbook some wonderful recipes. The photography is fab too. Those are some yummy sounding recipes. The pancake recipe mixed in amongst these gooey delights amused me. I don't normally think of them as something for dessert.	2004-06-20
Fantastic Book	Fantastic book! I had to read it a couple of times to make sure I found all the bits and pieces to pop up, open, turn or otherwise manipulate. Some of the dates I didn't believe straight away so I went online to verify the info in the book. The book appears to be correct.	2004-06-20
More than just guns. hats and horses	I had to read this for a film class (history of the western). It exposes the many stylistic elements that were used in the genre and can help one learn how to &quot;decode&quot; a western. It's more than just guns and cowboy hats.	2004-06-20
Slightly better than the movie	It's certainly a better book than Black Sunday or Red Dragon but it's still so ridiculously improbable. I know Lecter is supposed to be the glue that holds the book together but honestly he bugs me. He's an unneccessary distraction from an otherwise interesting thriller/mystery.	2004-06-20
I Worked for a Pointy-Haired Boss Once...	I didn't fully appreciate the humor behind Scott Adam's strip until I moved to the Bay Area and got to experience the tech industry first hand. At my previous job it seemed liked I was actually working for the pointy haired boss.	2004-06-20
One of the best books I've read	I enjoyed every word of this book. It just captivated me. I'm glad Wharton chose the sentimental ending rather than going for the melodramatic.	2004-06-20
Too close to home	My mother in law is a teacher and the cartoons in this book hit too close to home. The first third of the book is the funniest. My favorite cartoon is the first one.	2004-06-20
Average	Page 75 is one of my favorites from the book. Maybe it's because it's so close to home. It just appeals to me that the Board of Education would hold a secret meeting to decide if secret meetings were permissable. :)<br />My only complaint with this silly book is that I would have liked more (okay -- all) of the stories cited.	2004-06-20
Quel fromage!	Quel fromage! Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed reading the book but Sade's  franaise de Pepi Le Pew got tiresome. The S&M sex scenes were gratuitous and often times stopped the flow of the plot (yes, there is a plot). I know, I know, what am I thinking... one of the main characters is the vampire form of the Marquis de Sade but does that mean that everyone else in the book has to be as weird or weirder than he?	2004-06-20
Seven Pillars	The book in its depth, scope and subject matter reminds me of A Bright and Shining Lie. As with that book, it suffers from an overload of details that are distracting to someone unfamiliar with the events. I'm sure that to so one more intimately familiar with the historical events of the time the book would be a fascinating and informative read. I though came away with the most from the chapters that stuck with broader historical and political commentary, rather than the specific names of who slept in what tent when, who owned which camel (and said camel's gender) and what ulitmately killed the camel (mange, dehydration, neglect, etc).	2004-06-20
The City hasn't changed	I thought at first this book must have been written in the early 1990s because the descriptions of San Francisco are spot on. I was surprised to see that this book dates to 1978! My goodness -- the City hasn't changed! I'm laughing my ass off at this book. I'll have to read the other books by this author. It is so much fun to read a novel about a city that is just minutes away.	2004-06-20
Delightful boy	Over all this book is charming. The pen drawings really make the book. Rupert  (aka Sprout) looks exactly like my son. I can't quite give this book a perfect 10 because Sprout's parents seem a little harsh. They don't delight in their son even though he seems like a delighful child.	2004-06-20
Wonderful!	I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It really gave dimension to a man I've heard so many stories about from my father in law. My husband got a kick out of seeing me read the book too. He had read it a few years ago and after I would finish a chapter he'd want to chit-chat about what I had just read.	2004-06-20
Easy and fun	Like the first in the series, it's a good, fun and quick read. I found the internal politics of the fairy world interesting and nicely complex. My only complaint is that this story didn't quite have the same tight pacing as the first.	2004-06-20
Disjointed and dull	This book failed to get and hold my attention. It's not the religious underpinings, it's the wildly inconsistent style. The action starts quickly but it's so poorly described to become both boring and confusing!	2004-06-20
Example by allegory	All in all the book is okay. It tends to teach by example and allegory but there isn't data behind the stories to back up the conclusions. There is an ample bibliography in the back for anyone interested in following up.	2004-06-20
Disturbing!	I found the authors travels more interesting than her descriptions of eating or cooking. Much of her cooking tales personally turned my stomach. I suppose I'm glad that I'm not familar with her New York Times reviews. The recipes included in the book were either bizarre sounding or rather simplistic. Save for the soufflet recipe, I'm really not tempted to try any of them.<br />It took until page 54 for me to really get into the book. I had five abortive attempts at starting the book before I finally got to a point where I was interested enough to keep reading. It was at the point that she went to the boarding school that I wanted to continue. Again it was for the traveling and not the food.<br />To top things off I had the joy of reading this book while traveling for the holidays. My mother-in-law and mother both did things that reminded me of Ruth's mother. In the case of latter, it was to see if years old preserves that no longer had the consitency of preserves were still etible. For the former, it was to cook a meat dish that smelled okay but was gray in color. She also then made a strange vegetable dish that had all sorts of things mixed together that just don't seem like they should go together. Both dishes actually tasted fine but they sure looked strange! Perhaps if I hadn't been reading Tender at the Bone at the time I wouldn't have been so put off by them. In the case of the preserves, my mother in law came to her senses before actually eating any.	2004-06-20
Has its moments	The book has it's moments -- especially the plot involving the sentient but paranoid extra terrestrial cacti species. The problem lies in the series' adherrance to a new method of classifying patients. Instead of using the taxonomy system currently in use, doctors in the future apparently have decided to use a system of letters that ends up with hard to remember and meaningless (from a reader's POV) four letter combos that distract from the flow of an otherwise interesting story.	2004-06-20
More than just a man on an island	It's one of the classic man-alone surviver adventure stories. The bit on the island is actually only a small portion of the overall narrative. The bulk of the book follows Crusoe's attempts to reassimilate in English society after his time on the island living as a savage. Of course the movie versions only cover the time on the island, leaving the ending to assume that Crusoe will live happily ever after once he's rescued.	2004-06-20
Biography does not do poet justice	I found the biography part more difficult to read than the poems. With the poems, many of them I had heard before. My husband knows many of them and loves to recite them. <br />Burns had a short tumultuous life ended prematurely in part by his own addictions. His life reminds me a bit of Mozart's short but brillant life. <br />The artwork sprinkled throughout the book while beautiful was saddly not well documented. I would really have liked to learn more about the pieces. Who painted or drew them? When were they done? What collection(s) are they part of now?	2004-06-20
Not as good as the Cat Who Mysteries	It's been a long while since I've read any of the &quot;Cat Who&quot; stories so perhaps their fuzziness in my memory weakened my enjoyment of this book of &quot;articles&quot; from fictional journalist James Qwilleran. I found most of them rather repetitive and dull. There were a few gems among lot, especially those involving cats, although even among the cat tales, there is some thematic repetition. I think Braun was trying for the quirkiness of the television show Northern Exposure but Moose County just isn't Sicily Alaska.	2004-06-20
Not the first in the series but a good starting point	I see that the cover art has changed since the first edition. I like the original artwork better and let me explain why... When the Stainless Steel Rat Gets Drafted was published I was lucky enough to get a job in my school's library in the back room where books were prepared for library use or repaired. This book was one of my first that I bound in the plastic dust covers. While carefully putting on the cover I had to read the blurb on the inside of the paper jacket. How could I resist a cover with such an impishly cute main character? The blurb made me want to read the book and so I read the first chapter in between working on other books. I knew I couldn't get away with hording the book so I bought a copy for myself (in paper back). I've since been lucky enough to find a hard back first addition so I'm registering my paperback copy. <br />Since this book introduced me to the Stainless Steel Rat series and to Harry Harrison as an author, it's still my favorite of all his books.	2004-06-20
Fun	I enjoyed the book. Anyone who is a fan of the cartoons will enjoy it. The illustrations really make the story.	2004-06-20
Last 50 pages are too silly	The book in the last 50 or so pages just gets too silly to further hold my suspension of disbelief. Journey to the Center of the Earth is the better book for this kind of story.	2004-06-20
One hundred pages too long	Quozl is at least 100 pages too long. The plot doesn't really start until page 100. This first hundred drags along as combination of hippies in space and Watership Down. There are pages and pages and pages and pages of idiotic descriptions of their sandles, their earings, their grooming habbits, to the point of mind numbing boredom. <br />So future readers, just skip to page 101. Once Runs-red-Talking meets Chad the story finally picks up but it's no where as interesting or compelling as Foster's much shorter and better written Nor Crystal Tears (which I highly recommend).	2004-06-15
For God's sake, Will, get a grip!	Each book is better than the last. The trip to Scotland had me laughing. I remember trips like that with my parents, except that I didn't have a SEX GOD to dream about. Then there is Angus and his missing trouser-snake addendums. LOL!!!! (My husband would like to rebut with \\"but cats don't wear trousers.\\"<br />My favorite quote is (page 141): \\"Oh Blimey O'Reilley's pantyhose... what is the point of Shakespeare? I know he is a genius and so on, but he does rave on. What light doth through yonder window break? It's the bloody moon, for God's sake, Will, get a grip!!\\"	2004-06-15
Delightful	Lovely book with beautiful illustrations. It's nice to know that Vegemite is useful for something.	2004-06-15
Predictable	It starts off strongly but it eventually falls into some pretty predictable plot lines for this genre. I don't know if its because Red Dragon has inspired other books or if Harris was pulling from the same sources that the other books pulled from too.	2004-06-15
Wonderful thriller	I finally had the time to finish reading this wonderful thriller! Daphne du Maurier's prose carries so many important details woven together that every paragraph must be savored. Her books are not ones to speed read. As with My Cousin Rachel, the title character is created out of the other characters recollections of her, her possessions and her history. Unlike Rachel, Rebecca's appearance doesn't allow for her to make any explanations or tell her version of the story. Both books end abbruptly but with Rebecca there's a chance for happiness for the protagonist.	2004-06-15
Interesting but dated	Interesting book but a little out dated (the Challenger disaster being the big news of the book). The book is divided into themes for chapters. There are chapters on what it's like to be in space, how much better the human eye is than the camera, how basic human needs are taken care of in space (and what is done with the waste), etc. The writing is a little choppy, cutting between eras as needed for the thread of the theme, rather than smoothly segueing through eras or different missions to space. I found that style of writing the most difficult piece of the book. By about chapter four, I was finally in synch with the book and able to read more quickly.	2004-06-15
Charizard	It's a fairly straight up retelling of the first season. The best part of the book has to be the Peekaboo Pikachu. Even though the contest ended in 2000, it's still fun too find Pikachu hiding in the illustrations.	2004-06-15
Time capsule	This book is a time capsule for the time it was published, having advice that isn't specifically relevant any more (how to travel with glass bottles, how to teach kids about the cold war, etc) but still contains gems of practical advice.	2004-06-15
Slow to start	The book takes too long to get started. The first book (The Saints of Neilsville) plods along with a laughable predictability. The second book (The Society of St. Peter Martyr) picks up the pace and things really start to get creepy and strange. This section unfortunately relies too heavily on descriptions of all sorts of sexual acts. I'm not sure if I should laugh or be insulted. The two books take the plot on an unexpected tangent. Just as things seem to be petering out (excuse the pun), it picks up speed with the same frantic pace of some Stephen King novels. The last twenty pages then take a huge and wonderfully surprising tangent, earning this book a higher review than I otherwise would have given it.	2004-06-15
Rising Sun is a miss	Michael Crichton's books are hit or miss. Rising Sun is a miss. I think it's supposed to be taking place during the mid to late 1980s when there was an influx of Japanese business ventures in the United States -- especially in California. I remember the xenophobic response from some people of my parents age and especially of people my grandparents age (not everyone, of course). As a teenager, I was surprised, confused and later embarrassed by the reactions of my relatives.<br />Rising Sun is clearly playing into those sentiments and frankly I don't like it. Both cultures, American and Japanese in this book are reduced to stereotypal representations making for a boring, predicatable and insulting read.	2004-06-15
Cats and Dogs	Pickles and Jake a cute book about the similartities and differences between cats and dogs. In the end the cat and dog end up cooperating for a humorous conclusions but I don't want to give too much away. The illustrations compliment the story nicely.	2004-06-15
Abrupt	It's an interesting story but the ending is abrupt. It's as if Andre Norton got bored writing it and decided to stop. No explanation is given for what happened to the two protagonists. Nor is any explanation given as to if the strange things will continue or if they have stopped.	2004-06-15
Perfect Read for a Weekend	By page 11 I was completely absorbed into the world of Zebulon Valley. Twelve Hours later I had finished the book! It reminds me a few books I read in the summer of 1996: The Joshua Tree by Robert Cabot and One Summer by James R. Osgood. If you enjoy Prodigal Summer I recommend these other books.	2004-06-15
Too absolute in its message	The illustrations are cute and the story is too but I don't like the ending. Princess Smarty-Pants is only a child. Of course she isn't ready to get married. But who knows if she may change her mind in 10 years or so? How long exactly is \\"ever-after\\"? Or if a prince isn't to her liking, maybe a princess? I realize this is a childrens' book but I don't like the absoluteness of the solution.	2004-06-15
Good Book	Fantastic Book! I enjoyed every page of it. It's a tightly, well though out and well told tale. The ending was a nice suprise too.	2004-06-15
Almost too long to be effective.	My Own Country is a tough book to read. There are so many stories of people struggling to live in the early years before there were any treatments to make living with HIV at all possible. There's also the growing despair of the author as he sees the disease spreading through his rural town and of course across the globe and not having anything he can do beyond diagnosing the disease and treating the opportunistic diseases that attack his patients.<br />By about page 250 I began to grow numb from the overload off all the personal stories. The book as well begins to ramble a bit but I can fully understand why Dr. Verghese chose to leave for a less stressful job.	2004-06-14
Not enough data to be taken seriously	As an anecdotal piece, it's an interesting read but her experiences don't have enough data points to draw any formitive conclusions. I'm slightly ticked at her backhanded comments about what it must be like to work and live in California. I'm a Caucasian native born Californian who has worked more minimum wage jobs when I was younger than she did for her book. Not all the low paying jobs are taken up by latinos or people who speak accented English. The minimum wage scale runs the full gammut of folks in California. <br />OK -- enough about my California rant. Of the three states she visited (and come on, 3 of out 50 is hardly a good sample size to draw conclusions about all of the United States), I enjoyed the Maine chapter best. It didn't get hung up on her preconceived notions of race/ethnicity and instead focused more on the money issues that anyone working minimum wage has to face. <br />The best part of the book though, has to be the footnotes and bibliography. I think I've found titles to a good half dozen or so books that I would like to read as follow up to this book.<br />I think this book would have been stronger if she had backed up her own experience with interviews from the people she worked with or even interviews with people in similar positions. She could have had short half page to maybe 2 page max. vinettes of other people's stories ala the Chicken Soup series to back up her experiences -- or even counter point them. One story from each state would have flushed out the book nicely.	2004-06-14
Inspirational	I enjoyed the book, especially the sections after CV. King rambles in CV. Although I found his life story fascinating, I was reading this book to learn his tricks of the trade! Shorten CV by 10% and the book will be 10. <br />I am glad that I read the book. I respect King for his openess about his methods of writing and about his ups and downs in his life. He doesn't try to paint himself as a saint or diety among writers. He's just a man who is passionate about writing (and reading). In the back there's quite a bibliography of suggested reading (all fiction, I think).	2004-06-14
Don't trust the blurb on the back	While story kept my attention, I must complain that the book is not much like the blurb on the back cover. The worm hole piece of the story only comes into play on page 200, 2/3 of the way through the book. Save for the last hundred pages, the book is otherwise a standard spy thriller adventure.	2004-06-14
Funnier for married couples	I was just in the right frame of mind tonight... It's funny reading this book from the other side of marriage. It's been years since I was newlywed. I read this book years ago when I was single and it didn't seem as funny then.	2004-06-14
At least I'm wearing large knickers	I loved the book but I prefer the original title (At least I'm wearing large knickers). Georgia isn't as clueless in this book but she's still full of delightfully silly teenage angst. Libby, her sister, reminds me so much of my brother. He and I are similarly apart in ages as G and L although Libby makes him look like a saint at that age. I'm looking forward to reading Knocked Out by My Nunga-Nungas!	2004-06-14
I say!	The mysteries being written for children are a tad easy to figure out and the language is a bit too jolly for me. Nearly every other sentence uttered by one of the Five Find Outers contains an &quot;I say--&quot; which is as bad as the Hardy Boy's over use of &quot;golly.&quot; Nonetheless, a very enjoyable read.	2004-06-14
Road trip	On the Road captures Americana in a stronger and more vivid fashion than John Steinbeck did The Grapes of Wrath. On the Road covers the same route (and more) but doesn't water down the regional flavors with allegory. Instead American from New York to California and all parts in between is shown for its good, bad, rich, poor, and various ethnicities with humor and honesty.<br />Through Sal's numerous transcontental road trips, Kerouac describes the regional beauty, kirks, culture and geography of every city and state the protagonist passes through. Of the cities I've either lived in or visited that are visited in this book I enjoyed the most--especially his numerous pilgrimages to San Francisco. His first entry into San Francisco is classic: &quot;Over the Oakland Bay Bridge I slept soundly for the first time since Denver; so that I was rudely jolted in the bus station at Market and Fourth... and there she was, Frisco - long, bleak streets with trolle wires all shrouded in fog and whiteness... . Weird bums (Mission and Third) asked me for dimes in the dawn...&quot; This opening paragraph to San Francisco is still apt, if not, perfect.<br />While the book is an icon of the Beat generation and Sal, the narrator, desires to be among that set, he's abmismal at it. Throughout the book he worships his friend Dean who is the wildly cool womanizing, debauched, drug addicted man Sal wants to be but Sal just can't manage to follow in Dean's footsteps. Whereas Dean will drive over 100 mph, steal cars and delight in getting drunk, Sal will either drive the speed limit or hide in the back when Dean is driving, try to return Dean's joy ridden cars, or want to sleep off the booze he's drunk when around Dean. It's Sal's valient attempts to be like Dean while being unable to follow through that add a delicious irony to the novel.<br />In the end Sal and Dean and the rest of the gang part ways,  having grown apart as they've matured over the course of the two years this book covers. The book ends on a somewhat sad note, looking back across the days of those crazy contiental trips with nostalgia and longing.	2004-06-14
Atwood's Best	If I didn't want to sleep tonight I would probably finish the book in one sitting. It's quite a page turner! Snowman reminds me of Romulus from The Caveman's Valentine. In fact the entire narrational tone of Oryx and Crake reminds me of The Caveman's Valentine even though their narratives are quite different.	2004-06-14
Too many subplots spoil the main plot	The book was better than I expected but could have been tighter. The whole story about Eve and Tyler was unneccessary and distracting from the core stories of Maylene and Allison and the building of the Jade Palace.	2004-06-14
Alternative history	I don't think I've read a book like this before. It's an interesting alternative look at frontier history and US/Cheyanne relations. The various women in the book are nicely flushed out as characters rather than being cookie cutter versions of the narrator. I've read actual diary accounts from women on the frontier from this time period and the style of May's prose fits with those actual journels, making it hard to remember at times that this story is in fact a novel.	2004-06-14
Paranormal parallelism	Other Worlds is an interesting read and is a departure in style from Michael's normal prose style. It has two stories happening in parallel that are brought together through annecdote and seance. The narrative style took some getting used to even thought I've read lots of her books before.	2004-06-14
A waste of time	It starts off interesting but the rambling almost stream of conciousness style eventually drags the book down. I think its one of those books that would make more sense after seeing the film, rather than the other way around.	2004-06-14
Complex mystery	Marric isn't kind to his characters but lets the plot unwrap with a complexity and randomness close to real life. I don't think I've ever read a mystery with as many threads. All of them are centered around the Thames and all of them are eventually solved though some more successfully than others. Reading Gideon's River is like reading an entire series of mysteries in one go or watching an entire season of a cop show.	2004-06-11
Bronts in space	Jenna Starborn is heavily influenced by the sisters Bront. As I have enjoyed their books, I loved the way this book stiched together the plot points of Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights and yet created a fully realized futuristic world.	2004-06-11
A little dated	The book was first published in 1970 and the text and the illustrations are showing their age. Let's face it, the kids who where teenagers in it are now in their mid to late 40s. Of course with the 2000s being into the 1970s retro look and sound, maybe what's old is new. <br />That's not to say it wasn't a quick and enjoyable read and Bil Keane's illustrations are humorous too. I recommend flipping through the book once just to enjoy his illustrations. Imagine the Family Circus kids as hippy teenagers. Actually come to think of it, the Family Circus kids probably are actually in their mid to late forties as well.	2004-06-11
Please Don't Eat the Daisies	I came to this book by way of the film. The book is a delightful set of essays about raising kids (boys), buying a home and working (writing). The book stands the test of time well, continuing to be funny and relevant. The book's only problem is that it is too short!	2004-06-11
Rambling but with good cartoons	The book has its moments but it tends to ramble. There are sometimes to many quotes. They disrupt the flow of the text. The cartoons have to be the best part of the book. My husband got a few chuckles out of it too.	2004-06-11
Didn't age well for me	Try as I might, I could not get into this book as much as I wanted to. I originally read this book (all of the series) back in 1987-8 and I remember liking the books quite a bit. Now the writing seemed stilted and the plot heavy handed.	2004-06-11
Pithy	It's a slim book of pithy sayings and poems. It's the 1959 version of Don't Sweat the Small Stuff.... It was probably a book that many a well meaning boss or teacher presented to employees or students.	2004-06-11
Like Grafton but with vampires	The book reminds me of the Sue Grafton series except in this case, Kinsey (Anita) hunts vampires.  Anita shares Kinsey's one main weakness too, namely, she's much too ignorant to have been doing her line of work for so long. Hamilton subjects Anita to moments of abject stupidity to force expository dialogue. I know that it's good to &quot;show&quot; rather than &quot;tell&quot; but there are times when a simple interior comment between narrator (Anita) and audience (reader) would suffice and strengthen the character and keep the plot moving. As it is, I sometimes had to wonder how the &quot;Executioner&quot; had stayed alive for as long as she apparently has. It's not like she has Buffy's slayer enhanced skills to keep her afloat while she learns.	2004-06-11
Vietnam on Film	These film essays look at documentary filmmaking and news reporting on the Vietnam War. I read this book as part of a film class at in college. This book is best for a person interested in the representation of war, especially this particularily divisive war will be moved by reading this book.	2004-06-11
A bit repetitive	A division by topic would make reading this book more fun and more useful. I also got tired of each line starting: &quot;I'm learned that...&quot; It would be more entertaining if the sentences were a little less structured. Some of the quotes seemed forced into this form.	2004-06-11
Better than the film by a little	I found  Rhett and Ashley to both be much more interesting characters in the book than in the movie. Scarlett though better formed as a character in the book still annoys me. I would have liked to have seen more growth in her but she seems forever stuck at 16. Perhaps that's part of the point of the book.	2004-06-11
A rich architectural mystery	The cover art doesn't do this book justice. Jeffery Deaver creates a rich archectural landscape for his mystery rather than putting it in some vague cliched archetypal buildings or rooms. The blury red building with yellow lit window does not capture this richness of set and scene!<br />All through the book not one character nor one scene is wasted. It's an extremely tight and satisfying mystery. The last thread that is tied up as a coda is perhaps one that doesn't need to be addressed. One loose end would have giving the piece complete plausability but to explain the protagonist's motivation for being such a good samaritan is unnecessary and overwritten.	2004-06-11
Hats and Shoes	I enjoyed this book thoroughly and read it at one sitting! It's quite a page turner. I found some of the authors conclusions to be rather quick given the spotty historical record of that time period but there is pleanty of citations and a lengthy bibliography for further reading.	2004-06-11
Starts good, ends silly and unbelievable	This book is a prime example of its best to write about what you know. The strongest and most interesting pieces of this novel are the forensic denistry bits. Although the details were gruesome, I was most captivated by the story when the main character was allowed to shine. The farther away from the dentistry the story gets, namely the al-Qae'da back story and the let's send the dentist and his ex-girl friend in to save the day are over written, cliched and sometimes downright hokey. This book's strongest and weakest points are one and the same: the events of September 11, 2001. The are some wonderful behind the scenes first hand knowledge that flush out the middle of the book but at the same time, the events are still so recent that the fictionalized bits stand out more than they would if the author had chosen to make up a completely fictional disaster. Perhaps in a few more years when the details have blurred more, this book will read better than it does now.	2004-06-11
Haven't seen the film...	By far the most interesting piece of this book is shark. The shark attacks and the investigations afterwards are the glue that hold this otherwise pulpy chick-lit-esque book together. Unfortunately the book strays from the shark for the middle of the book and there are some excrusiatingly boring chapters about dinner parties, thoughts about love affairs, etc. There's one chapter in particular where Mrs. Brody stops at every single restroom she can (about one per every five pages) to a) change her underwear, b) powder herself and c) put powder in her shoes. YAWN. The chapter is so bad that it's almost funny.	2004-06-11
Heartwarming? No.	I wouldn't call this book heartwarming. Bittersweet, yes. Heartwarming, no. For a variety of reasons I related most to Louise. I've known families torn apart by Alzheimers or Parkensons disease. I enjoyed the book through the first 2/3 and then much like Breath Eyes Memory, the book went on an abrupt tangent mostly for shock value. I don't think either book needed it Finally, the moral of the story doesn't need to be spelled out with the bogus recipe at the end.	2004-06-11
HD	I read the book in two sittings. I wish there were more explanation or background given for the pieces presented. I guess this book is designed for people in the profession so an excess of background information isn't needed. <br />Having never heard of any of these teams, I wasn't exactly blown away by any of them. The one section that captivated me the most was the flag section. I love the idea of encoding all the possible graphical elements of a world flag and then displaying the output in a long color chart.	2004-06-11
Title Says it All	I don't normally read poetry. It's one genre I'm very ignorant about but I like Garrison Keillor's story telling and figured I might like the same type of poetry he likes. I was right! Although I didn't enjoy every single one (and who can expect to in a compillation of more than four hundred pages) but I did enjoy or take meaning away from enough of them to count this book as a page turner.	2004-06-11
Draining	Reading Magician took a lot out of me. I could only read it in 50 page bursts. There are so many threads to the plot that are woven, unraveled and rewoven together. For all of its details, descriptions, characters and plot developments, many of the most interesting threads I fear are left dangling. Book 1 held my attention better than Book 2. By about page 400 I was ready for the book to be over but I felt I had enough invested in it to finish.	2004-06-11
Fantasy and Sci-Fi	Lord Valentine's Castle is one of my favorite Sci/Fi Fantasy novels I've read. It has its feet firmly planted in both genres and also dabbles in mystery. The book follows a young blond man, Valentine who shares the name of the Coronal but has very little of his memory save for his name. Valentine joins up with a circus, learns to juggle (and oh how I wanted to learn after reading this book) and ultimately discovers the truth of his past!	2004-06-11
Literary criticism and biography in one	Carol Shields has deftly woven together literary analysis with biography in her reconstruction of the life and times of Jane Austen. Unfortunately I am not familiar enough with her books to fully appreciate this book. A true fan of Austen's works will enjoy this book a great deal I'm sure.	2004-06-11
Object driven fiction	The Girl in Hyacinth blue is a classic example of Susan Vreeland's favorite type of story telling--where an object inspires and determines a course of story. One writing assignment we had in highschool was to write a story based on an object that we randomly chose out of a box. In the case of this novel, the Girl in Hyacinth blue is the object and in some regards, the protagonist. I love how the story unwinds itself back to its origins, to see just how it is that the painting arrived at its final owner. The theme of an objects life melds perfectly with the mission of Book Crossing. <br />On a side note, I found it fascinating that Ms Vreeland is still teaching creative writing. When I took her class back in 1990-1, her carreer as a writer had only just started. She had gotten &quot;What Loves Sees&quot; published and was working to get a second book published. It wasn't until joining Book Crossing that I learned that she had done well for herself as a writer. I'm very pleased that she has because she was one of the best teachers I ever had.	2004-06-11
Darker than expected	I'm surprised that Mertz published the book under her Elizabeth Peters nom de plum when the style and themes of the book were more in the fashion of the author's Barbara Michaels persona. The book draws heavily on gothic romance influences more than her usual Victorian adventure fluff. Of course under both names she's ultimately writing mysteries and Love Talker doesn't disappoint. There are parts that are too drawn out or too rambling and the characterization isn't as strong as it is in some of her books but it's still a fun and easy read.	2004-06-11
Ginny and Olly	I have read his All Creatures Great and Small series and his Dog Stories collection and enjoyed all of them thoroughly. Cat Stories doesn't disappoint. Besides his delightful writing style, the book is illustrated with lovely water colors that bring the stories to life. The stories of Ginny and Olly remind me of feral kittens who grew up in my backyard. They just adopted us. We eventually befriended all but one and found homes for them. Then there's the story of Oscar. We had another cat adopt us whom we called Brick because of his brickish colored fur and that he was as strong as a brick. He was a cat about town but always seemed to come home to us after his walk about the neighborhood.	2004-06-11
Rambling	The book rambles. The historical bits are fascinating but the fictional bits get in the way. I ended up skipping here and there to read the interesting bits.	2004-06-11
Elsa and her cubs	It's a fairly straightup diary form telling of Elsa's pregnancy, her cubs, and their life after her death. The photographs are quite good.	2004-06-11
Not as good as Surely You're Joking	Although this book is probably the more socially significant of the two, I prefer the light heartedness of Surely You're Joking. This book is a series of collected lectures, so the Feynman that is presented here is the public Feynman, not private, enthusiast, who comes through so brilliantly in the almost stream of consciousness style of writing in Surely You're Joking.	2004-06-11
Redemption	The book covers probably about a decade of time and is from the POV of an older twin sister. The thick teenage angst of this book detracts from the more interesting stories of Captain Hiram, Auntie Braxton, the dementia of the protagonist's grandmother, Call and Caroline. Until I read the last two chapters, I was going to rate this book lower but these chapters, the last one especially, give the protagonist a chance to mature and redeem herself.	2004-06-11
Hooked by page five	By the time I had reached page 5, I was hooked. I have only about 20 pages left which I will finish tonight. Although it's an easy read in terms of language and vocabulary, it's a wonderfully told story. In terms of structure, it's similar to Oryx and Crake (without the profanity and science fiction) and Other Worlds (without the mysticism). If you haven't read Holes -- READ IT!!!	2004-06-11
Three is not the charm	This time is my third go at reading Heart of Darkness. The first and second time I was under the pressure of time and grades for high school and later college. As the book is short in length, both teachers only gave one or two days to read the book. At least for me, it's a dense book. The further into the story I get, the harder it is to read. It's as if the writing style mimics the growing darkness of the hinterland as Marlow gets closer to finding Kurtz. Kurtz, now, is, in my humble opinion, a let down. All through the book he's played up as this superhuman man who knows the wilds of Africa better than any one and is of such a character that he has devotees! Yet when he is finally found, he is but a husk of a man, insane from illness and is only in the story in person for a couple of pages. Even after Marlow has met him face to face, he continues to sing the man's praises! Somehow in that brief and uninspiring meeting Marlow is converted?	2004-06-11
Skip the romance	The book has some odd chapter structures. For instance, there's a romance scene that gets broken across four chapters! The first chapter is devoted just to the kissing. The second chapter has the foreplay. The third chapter is the actual act. The fourth chapter is the post-coital brag session. The book is actually better when the romance scenes are skipped as they are the most poorly written parts of this book. They are bad enough to be laughable.	2004-06-11
Too silly to be mesmerizing	This is a quick read for a book that's over 500 pages long but I just couldn't get into it. Jeffrey Hammond reminds me of the inept detective from Lupin III and Beth, the main character waffles between being too perfect to being Pauline (as in &quot;The Perils of Pauline&quot;). By the half way point, the book seemed stuck in a rut of having Jeff and Beth meet under bizarre circumstances only to have the bad guys suddenly appear. A better book in this genre is Day After Tomorrow. If I come across a copy I'll register it and release it.	2004-06-11
Open ended	It's a strange little book that defies classification. My husband and I both read it and went away with very different interpretations. The book is part whimsy, part satire, and part philosphy. Its deceptive simplicity defies classification on greater examination.	2004-06-11
Well written	First let me say that I chose to read this book by the title alone. I've never heard of the author, his songs nor am I a devout person. Secondly, my mother probably has heard of the author, heard his songs and is a devout Christian. I will HAVE to get a copy of this book for her if she doesn't have one now.<br />So why did I find this book such a page turner when I came to it with nothing in common with the author? It's well written!<br />Ice Cream... has the sort of pop culture analysis that I was expecting (and didn't find) in The Ethics of Star Trek. Sprague takes the day to day experiences, including reading the comics, eating ice cream and watching The Andy Griffith Show to do an epistomological run down on how he has grown to be the person he is. <br />Unlike some books that are meant to be inspirational, Sprague does not preach. He's very upfront about what he believes and why he believes what he does but he does not fall into the trap of &quot;It's my way or the highway&quot; to true happiness, salvation or whatever. I respect him for his self restraint and respect for viewpoints contrary to his own.<br />In closing, read to the end of the book to the Appendices. There is a fantastic sounding ice cream recipe and a lovely lullaby by the author written for his daughter.	2004-06-11
Three Reviews in One	I just finished after some marathon reading sessions. I want to do this review in three parts because I'm rather split brained about this book.<br />Review #1: From start to finish I had this nagging feeling that I've read this book before -- or read a very similar story. I haven't been able to track down why this book seems so familiar. If I ever do, I'll append this journal entry. To some degree, then, this story feels derivative and cliche. Orphaned girl tries to make good with her new &quot;family&quot; and is harrassed by the jealous, spiteful bully. The story picks up at the 1/3 point and stops being quite so cliche as it is in the set up. The good news is that the details are so rich and the language flows smoothly enough to make this book a page turner, even in the rough start. <br />Review #2: I happened to be reading this book at the same time I was reading the Chobits manga series. Both books are about Japanese culture and the relationships of men and women across classes. <br />Memoirs of a Geisha is the fictional account of a girl aprenticing to become a geisha in the great depression era. As the book explains -- gei means art and geisha means artisan. It's an ironic/jaded pun for a society/class of expensive escorts. To stay a geisha, a woman cannot marry and should not fall in love with her clients. Chobits seems to be a sci-fi<BR>retelling of the same tale. The underlying tensions are about what sorts of pairings are good/normal and who should love whom. Chi is an artifice -- an almost pun on geisha.<br />In both cases, Chiyo/Sayuri (of Memoirs of a Geisha) and Chi (of Chobits), are seeking happiness, wondering if happiness can be attained. In Sayuri's case, her station is supposed to keep her dispassionate in her associations with her various clients. In Chi's case, she's a machine and not supposed to feel real emotions.<br />Review #3: The final comparision I found myself making with this book is between Chiyo /Sayuri and Chihiro/Sen (of Sen To Chihiro Kamikakushi aka Spirited Away). Both stories revolve around young girls who are taken away from their parents through bizare circumstances and brought into lives that they would otherwise not have lived. In Chihiro's case, she ultimately is returned to her parents as is warranted by the fantasy convention. Mother in Memoirs reminds me of Yubaba and Mameha reminds me of Lin in her initial reluctance to help and her later tutorilage.<br />Final thoughts: I think Memoirs of a Geisha has lots to offer. It may be a little rough at first but I recommend reading the book! You will come away enriched for reading it.	2004-06-11
Better than Amrita	Read the book in about half an hour. It's a bitter sweet tale of loss and friendship. I enjoyed this book much more than Amrita. Banana Yoshmoto is best at creating short scenes that flit from thought to thought which Kitchen does so well.	2004-06-11
Fascinating read	Eubank's autobiography is fascinating. The segues between his childhood, his investigation into the Mississippi Sovereignty Commission, his trip back to Mount Olive and the historical pieces about the Civil Rights movement in Mississippi are sometimes missing or confusing. I also caught a couple editorial mistakes (duplicate words or funny gramatical stuff) that should have been caught by the editor.<br />Nonetheless, I enjoyed reading the book and feel I am coming away from it having learned a great deal about a time and place in history I am personally quite removed from. I read it just after having heard the NPR All Things Considered 5 part piece on the Brown vs. Board of Education decission so Eubank's memoir provided an interesting counterpoint.	2004-06-10
Terrible to the point of being laughable	Although the Egyptian section is interesting for the scenery, the book is otherwise deplorable and shallow. The writing stinks. The plot is worse. This is the type of book that Elizabeth Peters has been so successful at paroding in her Amelia Peobody series. Want a better book with similiar location? Read Crocodile on the Sandbank.	2004-06-10
Skip chapter one	Of all the recent novelisations I've read recently this one is one of the best. Beyond being a faithful adaptation of the pilot of Deep Space Nine, it actually bothers to give good descriptions and character insights / motivations. My one suggestion is to start with chapter 2. Although the pilot does actually start 3 years in the past with the Borg attack, the first chapter stalls the rest of the story. There is enough referral to the backstory that the first chapter really isn't needed in the book. I dare you future readers to start the book with chapter 2.	2004-06-10
The Bradbury Classic	I took more away from reading this book as an adult than I did in 8th grade. In 8th grade the book was required reading and the teacher had his mind set on what the meaning of the book was. I really hate being told what to think without any room for interpretation. This time it was just me and the book. I've also since 8th grade grown to love Ray Bradbury's works.	2004-06-10
Sensuous	I Love LOVE LOVED this book and it was over too quickly. I could have kept going with even more stories of different worlds with different types of time. It was just the most sensuous retelling of the Theory of Relativity.	2004-06-10
Terrible layout / typography	This book might have useful information about using flash in web design but the layout and typography is so terrible that I can't really use it as a reference.	2004-06-10
For a rounded view of Egyptology	Delightful book that covers a lot of the details of life in Egypt that is usuall glossed over in the Egyptology books.	2004-06-10
A Classic that didn't captivate me	I did my best to read this book but I just couldn't get into it. The book is well written and clearly at a 187 years old, has stood the test of time. Nonetheless, at this stage in my life I was not motivated to finish the book.	2004-06-10
Average	It's an okay book. It's more puzzle book than story book. Each chapter is a short mystery with the who done it left to the reader to figure out. Any reader familiar with logic puzzles shouldn't be baffled by them at all.	2004-06-10
Lemonade	Chris Stewart is a surprisingly good writer. He is also an engaging character, able to cope with the crisis of moving countries and careers with grace under pressure.<br />This book is the diary of Stewart and his wife buying and running a small farm in Andalucia. They live in a rustuic farmhouse, get to know their neighbours, live through various natural and unnatural disasters and the birth of thier daughter.<br />This is a unique view of Spain from an outsider but not a tourist, and an interesting meditation on consumerism, community, and lifestyle, all writter with humour and style. While not hiding the hardships, Stewart makes one want to abandon the city and strike out as a sheppard in a foreign country.	2004-06-07
Best of the Pern books	Dragonquest is the best of the Dragon Riders of Pern series. I remember being so engrossed in the story that I managed to read the entire book on the way home from camp one summer.	2004-06-07
The Good, the Bad and the Silly	Diary of a Witch has some very fascinating chapters, especially the one where she attended an all girls school, the time she lived with Gypsies and her initial start in television as a reporter. The last third of the book as she came to the present (at the time of the writing) the book's pacing began to stall. The last three chapters diverge from the biography of her life and her balance between her beliefs and private vs. public lives and are instead essays on her beliefs. The problem I had with them, is I'm a skeptic. I think for someone who is genuinely interested in astrology, reincarnation and ESP will get more out of these final chapters than I did.	2004-06-06
Compelling	I read this first hand account of the Viet Nam war in college. It's a compelling and captivating view of the war.	2004-06-06
Great Sci-Fi	The opening bit of the Cheela's story is a tad slow and the ending, while providing perfect closer is also a tad hokey. Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed the book. It reminded a great deal of The Listeners by James E. Gunn.	2004-06-06
Good Fluff Horror for Egyptology Fans	The book though slow in parts is still a favorite of mine as it stars as it's lead &quot;detective&quot; my favorite Egyptologist -- Howard Carter! So -- read the Carter's accounts of the discovery of Tutankhamen's tomb in 1923 and then read this book.	2004-06-06
A Good Introduction	It's a good introduction to creating and using 3D animated characters. Although I love doing 3D art, 3D animation isn't a hobby I plan to start any time soon. I just don't have the time or money! So this book that I got about five years ago needs to be set free.	2004-06-06
Not much there for older readers	It's a bunch of 1 or 2 page rescue stories written very simplistically. Would be a good book for beginning readers but doesn't have enough substance for older readers to enjoy.	2004-06-06
Needs an editor	The descriptions are wonderful but the punctuation -- especially in the dialogue is gastly. I guess he's trying for a Joseph Conrad / Heart of Darkness meets Gone with the Wind. I don't like Conrad's style of writing either. I wanted to mark quotation marks for all the dialogue (I didn't, of course).	2004-05-25
Good car camping reading	The Corinthian is the sort of romance novel my mother and I would share on those long car camping vacations when I was a kid. It's a fun little story with the sorts of adventures that a pre-teen would have enjoyed. It's one BIG drawback is the dialogue. It's devlish bad and it just doesn't signify! In all honesty, one could do a drinking game based on the phrases that show up ad naseum in the dialogue.	2004-05-25
Believe it or not, the film is better	Big Fish the book has all the pieces (scenes, sets, characters, and dialogue) that are in the film but the book presents them so that they are like a connect-the-dots puzzle that hasn't been completed. I think that Tim Burton actually improved on the book by connecting those dots, developing themes and motifs that are started in the book but not explored. <br />Big Fish the movie has three distinct narratives. Narrative one is the son's interpretation of his father's stories. The fantasy scenes are the son's exaggeration of what his father is telling him. Then there is story of the father's last days before he dies and the son's attempts to understand his father. Finally (and this is Burton's largest contribution) is the meeting of the truth of the father's stories meeting with the son's expectations of that truth. This happens at the funneral -- a wonderful addition brings the two divergent stories together. <br />Things you won't find in the book: the carnival, the bank robbery, how the father met the two headed singer and the son's pregnant wife.	2004-05-24
Wonderful start	The story is a perfect mixture of science fiction / social commentary and comedy. The artwork is beautifully drawn. The side commentary is funny!	2004-05-21
Not a strong ending	I think the conclusion isn't as strong as it could have been but it was still a satisfying read.	2004-05-21
Team Rocket?	The mysterious two characters (the ones I've been thinking of as Team Rocket in my head -- sorry about that) have been more or less explained. I'm sure that their importance won't be revealed until later in the series (probably after Vol. 7). I'm getting tired of Chi's neurotic &quot;will I find the one for me?&quot; It reminds me of Zathras' constant: &quot;No -- he is not the one. Zathras know.&quot; If you've watched Babylon 5, you know what I mean.	2004-05-21
Still good	Volume 5 is just past the halfway point of the series. There are lots of on-going plot threads. Is Chi dangerous? Is Chi a chobits? What is a chobits? Are there other chobits? Who is writing the manga in the manga? Etc. etc.	2004-05-21
Volume 3...	No big cliff hanger this time but still compelling enough for one to want to read volume 4.	2004-05-21
Closing in on the ending	With only two books left, there isn't much time to wrap up all the threads introduced through the series. I think too much time was spent on the manga in the manga. More should have been spent on Chi's background.	2004-05-21
Hooked	I think I read it in a hour! I am so hooked! The artwork is wonderful. The story is intriguing and Chi is a loveable character.	2004-05-20
Thorough history of Windy City Architecture	It's a thorough pictorial history broken up first by era and then by location of the Windy City's skyscrapers. Unfortunately the book's age keeps more than 20 years of recent architectural changes to the city's skyline out of the  text. For someone looking for the architecture of the 1980s onward, this edition is not the one to go for. If however, one is looking for a solid resource for older architecture, this book will compliment newer books nicely.	2004-05-20
Cat S.F.	It's a good collection of sci-fi stories involving cats (either terran or alien). Some of the stories end a bit too abruptly and others go on for too long. Some don't make any sense but hey they are still fun.	2004-05-20
A mixed bag.	Overall the stories are both entertaining and heart warming. Some of them are quite sappy but all of the stories are thankfully short which keeps the flow of the book going at a comfortable reading pace. It's the type of book to read in small chunks.	2004-05-20
Not what I expected	The first story (Hell...) completely soured my enjoyment of the book. It was preachy and not at all science fiction. From then on I was looking for the religious underpinnings/sermon in the rest of the stories and finding quite a bit of it. Wings might as well have been Touched by an Angel's attempt at a Roswell episode.	2004-05-13
Bluebird Cafe	The Bluebird Caf's protagonist is clearly the island state of Tasmania and the fictional city (original and recreation) of Copperfield--although it's the depiction of the real places of Tasmania that make this book so entertaining. It uses a disjointed narrative structure similar to Illywhacker and The Beautiful and the Damned but not as expertly. In this case, the unusual structure hinders an otherwise interesting story.	2004-05-13
Out of Place	I find it hard to believe that Big Bird would find himself miles away from Sesame Street and that he'd forget how to get back home. In all my years of watching Sesame Street, I can't recall Big Bird ever leaving. Big Bird is a city bird. The book would have been better if it had just focused on the farmer rather than having Big Bird dumbly stumbling around looking at various animals while trying to find his way home.	2004-05-13
Read after hearing story on NPR	It's a quick read which surprised me given the poignancy of the subject matter. I wanted to read the book after I had heard her tapes on NPR last year. The book is a very personal account of living with (and ultimately dying of) cystic fibrosis and assumes a similar close knowledge of the disease. It does not contain much if any medical background to balance out the memoir.	2004-05-13
Mean Parents!	Ben does his best to \\"find\\" a friend (pet) despite his parents objections. The book goes through pages and pages of Bens parents rejecting his various requests and compromises for a pet. Ultimately Ben has to be content with feeding the pigeons that land on the ledge of his bedroom window. A no point in the book do Ben's parents give him an explanation for their no pets rule. The book could have been so much better if they had given him a reason: allergies, a landlord who doesn't allow pets, etc. Instead the book presents Ben's parents as heartless and Ben as a very lonely and depressed little boy.	2004-05-13
Bordering on gothic	As with Postern of Fate, By the Pricking of My Thumbs ventures torwards the gothic horror genre as Tuppence tries to unravel the mystery of a house depicted in her aunt's painting.	2004-05-13
Good until the last 20 pages	Beautifully lyrical and full of hope even during personal tragedy but the ending takes all that building emotion and dashes it. The ending spoiled the book for me. It seemed unnecessarily tragic -- tragic just for the sake of being tragic.	2004-05-13
A favorite of mine	The story reloves around two girls, one in modern day America and one in ancient Egypt. Their stories come together over visions in a mirror. Are these girls one and the same?	2004-05-13
Read Angus, Thongs and Full Frontal Snogging instead	I'm glad I read Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging before reading Bridget Jones's Diary. The parody is far more entertaining the National Bestseller. Where I could relate to Georgia and laugh at her 14 year old views of the world and dating, Bridget as a 30ish naive diary writer comes off as self obsessed and pathetic.	2004-05-13
Better than A	The second in Sue Grafton's alphabet series really helps the series pick up speed. This one takes Kinsey from California to Boca Raton Florida and back.	2004-05-13
Underwater Fantasy	Over-all I enjoyed the book. I found it a quick read. It seems more modern than a book originally published in 1985. I had to remind myself that the references to Star Wars were to episodes 4, 5, and 6, not the more recent 1 and 2. LOL!<br />I think Duane was very proud of all the work she put into creating the whale wizard culture and writing the poems for the singing but honestly, it was almost over-kill. The practice sessions and preparation chapters could have been condensed with more emphasis put on the final show-down.<br />The book was good enough that I want to now read So You Want to Be a Wizard and High Wizardry.	2004-05-13
100% Elmo Free	It's nice to see an Elmo-less Sesame Street book. Elmo has really dragged down the quality of Sesame Street. Anyway, this one is about Big Bird and Radar the bear.	2004-05-13
Poor Bobby!	Of the &quot;alphabet&quot; series so far, C is for Corpse is one of the best. I read this book in one sititng! It starts out simply enough as a case to uncover the events leading up to a car accident that left young Bobby disfigured but ultimately leads to a muder investigation as Bobby is done in by his mystery assailant. I	2004-05-13
Written from the heart	Candles on the Bay was clearly written from the heart and soul of the author. It shows in the beautifully crafted sentences, descriptions and characters, many of whom were inspired by real people near and dear to the author. To everyone after me who reads this book, PLEASE take the time to read the acknowledgements at the end of the book. Also, read everything. Read the quotes at the start of each chapter. Study the perfectly done illustrations and their captions.	2004-05-13
Good story for adults and children	I enjoyed rereading this book. The last time I had read it, I had been ten or eleven, right in the middle of Nick and Carrie in ages. The first time I read it, Mr. Evens seemed meaner. Mrs. Gotobed's home seemed more magical and somehow over the years I misremembered it as being a light house. Why on earth there would be a lighthouse in the middle of a dale in Wales. <br />This time, I found myself relating more to the adults and to adult Carrie. Mr. Evens seemed sadder than mean. Mr. Johnny didn't seem as scary or weird as before.	2004-05-13
Jeepers	An enjoyable and easy read. The language is a little too &quot;Pleasantville&quot; in that there is an overuse of exclamations such as &quot;jeepers&quot;, &quot;golly&quot; and their ilk. If the language weren't quite so cute, it would be a better book.	2004-05-13
Black Sunday	The basic plot is fascinating. Can an ex-POW mastermine the total destruction of a stadium during the Super Bowl by using a bomb strapped to the bottom of a blimp? Harris tries to go into the psychological developments that would turn a person into a sucide bomber. This book was first published in 1975 but after the events of September 11, 2001, this book has new and eerie significance. <br />Nonetheless, I can't give this book a 10 because the story quickly becomes mired in backstories and character developments only vaguely related to the central plot. I ended up resorting to skipping chapters that didn't directly deal with the main consipirators. If the story had been edited down by about a third, I would have rated it a 5.	2004-05-13
Good introduction to tonality	It's one of the North Light Book club's selections. It's an easy review or introduction to tonality, a must needed skill for any artist.	2004-05-12
Not as strong as the first	It's the second of the original Mercedes Lackey Valdemar trilogy. It's not as strong as Arrows of the Queen (the first book) or Arrows Fall (the third book) but it's still good read.	2004-05-12
A Favorite of Mine	This was my favorite book as a child. When the library sold the copy I used to read, I was lucky enough to purchase it. It's a delightful combination of illustration and poetry, with the text being part of the artwork.	2004-05-12
Better than Harry Potter	Once I started I couldn't put down the book. I think I've found a worthy rival for Harry Harrison's Jim diGriz! This book captivated me in ways that none of the Harry Potter books have.	2004-05-12
Mixed feelings	I have mixed feelings about Arcadia. On the one hand, it's an interesting story. On the other hand, the plot is burried in an excess of rambling descriptions. I think Arcaida would translate well to film or stage where the descriptions could be put to use.	2004-05-11
All about the artwork	The artwork makes this book. I've enjoyed reading the book and losing myself in the artwork.	2004-05-11
Everyone's had a day like this	The drawings are cute pen and ink sketches. I think everyone has had a bad day like this. I'm not sure that running away -- even to somewhere as wonderful as Australia is the best solution to ones troubles.	2004-05-11
Frustrating	Whereas Oryx and Crake fasinated me, Alias Grace frustrated me. There are too many points of view and too many different writing styles for the book to flow from start to finish. Grace as a character bored me. Simon the doctor was the only one who really got my attention but his scenes were few and far between.	2004-05-11
For any cat lover	For any cat lover out there, this is a delightful little comic book. Every page has a little piece of advice (like: &quot;Help put away groceries&quot;) and then has an adorable sketch of a white cat illustrating the point (crawling into the paper bag for a nap).	2004-05-11
Funky mystery	It's a funky multicharacter thriller set in Hawaii. It took a little while to get into it. Once the story got started, it was an enjoyable read.	2004-05-11
Concise	It's a concise introduction to stamp collecting. I referred to it quite a bit when I was stamp collecting.	2004-05-11
Yawn	Read it for a film class. Personally neither his filmmaking nor his painting do much for me.	2004-05-11
Adventure, Mystery, Fantasy	It's part adventure, part fantasy and part muder-mystery. Give the book until page 50 for the story to really get started. The first 49 pages are mostly back story and world building. Once you're at page 50: PAY ATTENTION to all the details if you want to solve the mystery.	2004-05-11
A favorite of mine	Anne Shirley will always have a special place in my heart as one of my favorite literary characters. The reread delighted as much this time as the first time I read the book.	2004-05-11
What's up with EPCOT?	In this case, I'd say that the film is better than the book. I have a few complaints about the book. It bothers me that Clarke caved to the plot of the movie, 2001, and removed the whole bit about going to Saturn from Jupiter. It leaves his first book standing alone. Books and movies diverge all the time and he should have just stuck to his original storyline for the sequels. <br />My second complaint: what's up with the EPCOT retirement home? It's a completely hokey idea and distracting from the overall flow of the story.	2004-05-10
Inspirational	I remember being captivated by the film when I saw it on cable. I'm too young to have seen it in original release. I remember also being completely baffled by it. I stayed up all night trying to figure the movie out. I wished there were a class I could take so that someone could explain the darn thing to me. <br />That summer after seeing the film, I read the book. It explained a great deal. It works well with the movie as Clarke and Kubrick collaborated. I think 2001 is Kubrick's best film.<br />Flash forward about 3 years. I enrolled in college as a Film Studies Major. My very first class showed a film print in the correct aspect ratio of 2001. And we got a lecture about it (not my last one either). So, if ever a book/movie inspired me or shaped my life, it has to be this book.	2004-05-10
Cute	It's a delightful mix of sonnets and portraits of cats in courtly garb.	2004-05-10
Rather Cliche	The Salem Witch trials for this genre are cliche. While the plot was more complex than the previous 3 books, I think Giles and Xander, especially were written too out of character to maintain my suspension of disbelief. I kept stopping to think to myself: that's not how so and so would act!	2004-05-10
Picks up speed in California	The book is best when it follows Eliza Sommers. The backstories of Rose Sommers, Karl Bretzner, and Tao Chi'en stop the natural flow of things and just drag down an otherwise wondeful book. <br />The story picks up speed when Eliza reaches California. The Chilean part takes too long to establish characters and motivation.	2004-05-10
Back Loaded Plot	4.50 to Paddington takes a while to get started with much of the book centered around trying to decide if a murder actually took place. Once that it's decided that a murder did take place the plot picks up and the rest of the book reads more like a typical Agatha Christie.	2004-05-10
Good with Coffee	I wish some of the reproduced documents were of high quality just to have more to read! I really appreciated the conversational nature of this history book. I felt like I was sitting down for a cup of coffee while Robert Sikrosky told me about his one on one experience with the Lost Dutchman's Gold.	2004-05-10
Read the Egyptian	A well researched book but not nearly as well written as the classic &quot;The Egyptian&quot; nor as entertaining as some of the non-fiction books that cover this era. The first book &quot;Birth of a God&quot; is a very slow read and very confusing. It took me until the end of that book (or chapter) to realize that each chapter title would tell me the POV of that section.	2004-05-10
Everything and Nothing	It's a book about nothing and everything. It's a long list of places, moods, memories, and other miscellania.	2004-05-10
Skip the parts with Songbird	The pieces told by the narrartor were far more compelling than the half from Singing Bird's tribe/family. I must admit that near the end I skipped all the pieces that didn't deal directly with India or Iris.	2004-05-10
Goes well with Driving Over Lemons	I loved nearly every page that I read. The chapter about Vogue and real estate didn't hold my interest quite the same as the other chapters but I won't fault the book for one off chapter. <br />Anyone reading this series looking for another similar and equally good book to read, I highly recommend Driving Over Lemons.	2004-05-10
Too much back story	Clearly the author put a lot of thought into the back stories of all the different families who come into possession of the Green Accordion. Her frequent asides hint at the fullness of the story but each scene is so quick, so flitting that I found it difficult to engage any of the characters, save for the builder of the accordion. Each of these 50 page chapters could easily have been expanded into a separate novel making for a series of novels about the Accordion but I'm sure that her publisher wouldn't have wanted to take that much of a risk on a series of books about a musical instrument.	2004-05-10
Competant FBI	The book was a lot better than I was expecting from reading the first chapter. It has it's moments that are over written and silly and yet the story is interesting and entertaining. The plot is tight and everything wraps up nicely in the end. It's also one of those rare mystery/thrillers where the police and FBI are actually competant!	2004-05-10
A few gems among the lot	I've finished reading through the book. The epitaths seem for the most part to be fairly straight up in their messages. <br />My favorite of the lot is:<br />Here Lies<BR>in a horizontal position --<BR>THOMAS HINDE<BR>Clock and Watch maker<br />Who departed this life wound up<BR>in hope of being taken in hand<BR>by his Maker and being <BR>thoroughly cleaned repaired and <BR>set a-going in the world to come <br />On the 15th of August 1863<BR>In the 19th year of his life	2004-05-10
Pure Joss	It takes about an hour to read this book, which isn't any great feat giving it's a straight up rendition of the show's pilot. It was good, mindless fun. <br />The dialogue is pure Joss. The novelization comes in the description of the actions, some of the backstory and in how the writer describes the characters.	2004-05-10
How to Survive the Bay Area	I found this book a quick read. It's not a particularly deep book but it does have some practical advice for keeping things in perspective (a very good thing when one is unemployed and trying to provide for one's family). The bit that fascinated me the most is that the author is from the Bay Area so some of his specific examples hit very close to home.	2004-05-10
Mixture of L.M. Montgomery and F. Scott Fitzgerald	The method of telling the story reminds me heavily of Emily of New Moon by L. M. Montgomery but the overall themes and characterizations remind me most of the Great Gatsby.<br />Nick Carraway, the narrator and protagonist of The Great Gatsby describes Jay Gatsby, all his excesses and his hangers on with a sense of detachment and mild amusement. Cassandra, the narrator and protagonist of I Capture the Castle takes the same approach with her description of the Cottons, who are visiting from America. In Cassandra's case, her family's extreme poverity heightens the divide between the two families and opens her eyes even wider to the oddities of the wealthy.	2004-05-10
Too mundane for horror genre	Cora's endless details of her mundane life drag this story down. The interesting scenes are buried in and amongst the chit-chatty monologues about her mother's garden, (...), her cooking, and the weather. <br />I tried my best to get into this book but after 200 hundred pages, the horror bits were just too far and few between. There was too much local gossip. I think the author was trying to write in the style of Lovecraft but she kept getting bogged down in too much detail.	2004-05-10
Illustrations bring Opera to life	While the text is a rather dry interpretation of the opera, the illustrations pulse with life. Read it for the illustrations.	2004-05-10
In stitches	My husband and I read this book together (his French is better than mine) and we're both in stitches from laughing.	2004-05-10
Too slow	The Mirror of Her Dreams captivated me but this sequel takes to long to move the story along. Individual chapters/ pages are beautifullly written. The worlds are expertly created and described but the story is methodical in places.	2004-05-10
Ho-Hum	I tried my best to lose myself in this book but I just couldn't. It didn't captivate me as much as the other book by this author did. Perhaps it was a result of the long and stressful work week that hindered my reading of this book. I don't know. I think sometime in the future I'll have to give this book a second go.	2004-05-10
A little heavy handed	I like ancient Egypt and mysteries. This book is both but the style of writing is a little heavy handed and the plotting is a little slow. It picks up pace in the second third so is worth the read.	2004-05-10
Completely New Story	I enjoyed this book more because it's a completely new story. It takes place where the first season Halloween episode would have been if one had been made. It's interesting to see what the authors do to play within the limitations of first season while making sure to not spoil the character's lack of knowledge about other aspects of Halloween that become important plot points for the season 2 episode.	2004-05-10
Well crafted	Dune took Herbert a long time to write and it shows in the craftsmanship. I love the vastness of the universe he's created. Dune even though it is a desert planet is still complex in its descriptions and native peoples. My favorite character continues to be Duncan Idaho even though he's not one of the main characters.	2004-05-10
Tony Hillerman lite	I savored this book a little longer than the previous 2. I loved the scene where Willow was playing poker. This book is Tony Hillerman lite. If you've read any of his mysteries, you'll know what I mean.	2004-05-10
Adventure and Drama	Harry runs away to avoid a bath, sending the reading along for a journey through all the dirtiest (and most fun) places in the nearby city streets. Of course all adventurers eventually have to come home. Here the story does a wonderful parody/reversal on the recognition scene in the Odyssey, where it is Harry who can't be recognized for his \\"disguise\\" of a black sooty coat with white spots. Eventually though the power of the dreaded bath, he's finally revealed and reunited with his family.	2004-05-07
Harry the sea monster	Harry gets into another of his adventures, this time turning into a seaweed monster at the beach. The illustrations are delightful and it's a fun read.	2004-05-07
So So for Colors and Shapes	It's a rather hum drum story based around trying to teach shapes and colors to kids. Neither original in story or in illustration. Plus some of the shapes or colors are either ambiguous or mislabeled.	2004-05-07
Still with me	I had to read this book in 5th or 6th grade. The passion the protagonist had for dogs and 'cooning has stuck with me. Twenty years later and I still find myself thinking of the book.	2004-05-07
By far the best of the books	Dinotopia is the first of the Dinotopia series. Although it has a loose plot, it's mostly a mock-National Geographic style travelogue account of an island populated by both humans and dinosaurs. Buy the book for the beautifully detailed illustrations.	2004-05-06
No Justice for the Cat	One-Eyed Cat is a strong and compelling story up until the end when protagonist confesses his guilt. His parents let him off too easily giving the impression that it's okay after all to shoot wild or stray animals.	2004-05-06
Ho Hum Counting Book	Five Little Ladybugs is one of many counting books. It has holes throughout that hide or reveal the bugs as the story goes but the bugs themselves don't do anything. This is not a very exciting book for young kids who are fascinated by pop-up or tab books.	2004-05-05
Work Ethic	The Little Red Hen is a wonderful introduction to work ethic and the value of helping and doing things from scratch. It has nice repetitive elements which younger kids love and the step by step story telling much like \\"The House that Jack Built.\\"	2004-05-05
Give me back my caps!	Caps for Sale is a family favorite. My husband does a wonderful job at making the monkey noises. It's a fun story to act out.	2004-05-05
A must for people learning illustration	I think I've read this book more than 100 times. It is one of my favorite references for illustrating the human figure.	2004-05-03
Halloween Fun	All of Emberley's books are wonderful. The Big Orange Drawing book specializes in things that are orange so a lot of it is Halloween themed. I loved working through these books as a child and still have some of the Halloween decorations I made from this book.	2004-05-03
Purple Pirates!	Another great Emberley book teaching how to draw by using simple geometric shapes to build anything from pandas, poodles, robots or even intricately detailed pirate ships.	2004-05-03
Drawing Trains!	My grandmother's house had train tracks running near by and I spent lots of time watching the trains go by. I loved trains and therefore loved this particular Emberley book. I drew hundreds of complex train and road scenes as a kid.	2004-05-03
Making a world	As a child I spent hours drawing complex worlds and maps from what I learned in this book.	2004-05-03
Best way to spend a rainy afternoon	I spent hours creating entire worlds based on these books. They are a wonderful introduction to basic drawing skills and are FUN!!!	2004-05-03
Fond memories from 2nd grade	After recess every day we would be given a page from the Anti Coloring book and allowed to draw to our hearts content for half an hour. It was one of my favorite times of the day.	2004-05-03
Fun with Faces	I love all of Emerbeley's books but this one was a particular favorite of mine. It goes into how to draw all sorts of faces from regular people to clowns, movie monsters, and animals.	2004-05-03
Not enough breeds included	While the book does show how to draw a few dog breeds, not enough are included. Also, the instructions are specific to certain poses, rather than including some dog anatomy lessons. Once the few how-tos are done there really isn't a need to refer to this book. There are other better and more inclusive how to draw dogs books available.	2004-05-03
Whenever I See a Tugboat, I think of Scuffy	Scuffy was one of my favroite books as a child. I loved to follow him through his adventures along the river. Of course in the end he always wanted to be home in his own little bath tub making me glad to be home with my family.	2004-05-01
Egypt Game	The language is a little out dated, as this book was written in 1967. Nonetheless, it's heart is in the right place and it is still a delightful fantasy / fiction story for kids.	2004-04-30
A Cat and Two Dogs	I came to the book by way of the Disney movie. The book is better than the movie. Dog and cat lovers will enjoy the book most. There isn't much in the way of action.	2004-04-30
111,120 KM Under the Ocean	Confusing Title: My husband and I were talking the other night about the Jules Verne novel 20,000 Under the Sea and we both admited to having been confused by the title at one time. 20,000 leagues (60,000 miles or 111,120 kilometers) is 8.5 thousand times deeper than the deepest point on the ocean. 20,000 leagues is the distance the two men traveled on the Nautilus.<br />Obsession Worse than Nemo: I remember in 6th grade a group of boys did a huge series of blue prints for the Nautilus based on the book. I thought it was a waste of time back then and still do but apparently lots of folks don't. The blue prints of the Nautilus feature in Clive Cussler's book Valhalla Rising. And there's an entire website devoted to blue prints and 3D models.<br />Closing thoughts: I much prefer the sequel to 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. If you get a chance, read The Mysterious Island.	2004-04-30
Not quite as tight	Like the first in the series, it's a good, fun and quick read. I found the internal politics of the fairy world interesting and nicely complex. My only complaint is that this story didn't quite have the same tight pacing as the first.	2004-04-30
Still have my copy from 1977	And I'm glad I do. Although much of the content is from previous Richard Scarry books -- it provides an excellent way to remember the funniest bits of those other books and has helped me decide which Richard Scarry books to get for my son.	2004-04-30
The List	All of the stories in this book are delightful but \\"The List\\" is by far our favorite. Who hasn't had a day like that?	2004-04-30
Great Adventure	Around the World in 80 Days continues to be an entertaining read even as world travel has become so common place. It also provides a snap shot of the countries as they were when Verne wrote the book.	2004-04-30
Good for boys and girls	I still have my copy from when I was a kid. It brings back memories of having my father along as a chaparone for Girl Scout trips. The moral of the story is that well meaning parents don't always know the right way to do things and should they should learn to listen better to their children.	2004-04-30
A favorite ghost story	It's rare for a ghost story to be sympathetic towards the ghost or to flush out the ghosts character. Usually the ghost is just there to frighten the main characters and the readers. The Canterville Ghost however does make the ghost an interesting and understandable character without letting the suspense suffer.	2004-04-29
A good start to learn calligraphy	The book is best suited for right handed writers/artists who want to learn calligraphy but still has some good advice and exercises that can be adapted to left handed calligraphy.	2004-04-29
Read it for Tsarina's tantrums	After reading Redwall I was hoping for greater insight into Martin's history. Mossflower though it introduces Martin it doesn't come close to filling in the back story in any coherent fashion. The only really entertaining bit of it is Tsarina's tantrums. She's portrayed wonderfully as a mad cat queen.	2004-04-29
Odd Book	I got this book as a teenager and it took some time to captivate me. It's sort of a fantasy / science fiction in an ordinary urbane setting. If you can accept that there are ET bears living upstairs in an apartment then this book will probably be an easier read than it was for me.	2004-04-28
Too much monkey	The Curious George stories are cute in small doses but after awhile they become rather repetitive.	2004-04-28
Don't forget Kipling.	The Disney version has of course the cute characters from the animated version. I'm a fan of Baloo and Louie but don't stop with just the Disney version.(...)	2004-04-28
Tootle	As a child I loved trains. Tootle appealed to me because of the fantasy element -- a train being able to leave the tracks to smell the flowers! The moral of the story is teach children responsibility and the importance of following instructions but that's not what I took away from it when I was a toddler.	2004-04-28
Beautiful illustrations -- odd story	The illustrations more than the text make this story. If you stop to think about what happens to all the cats it's a bit disturbing. A similar and more delightful book is Cats for Kansas.	2004-04-28
Too sad for me	I've never liked this story and I had to hear it a lot as a child since it's a \\"classic.\\" The rabbit's martyrdom made me cry every time it was read to me and actually gave me nightmares as a young child. This is one book from my childhood I will not be reading to my son.	2004-04-28
Cute book but not as good as the original	While I think Disney's animated version is a delightful adaptation of the Dodie Smith book of the same title, the Disney picture books based on the movie leave out all of the wit and charm of the original. Treat yourself and get the the Dodie Smith version.	2004-04-27
Wonderful alternative to the usually sappy bedtime story	Where the Wild Things Are was my favorite bedtime story as a child. It opened up a world of imagination that isn't all fluff and nicety. Imagination can lead to adventures and even nightmares can become adventures. I think every little kid has been sent to his or her room at one time and had to rely on imaginatin to wile the time away.	2004-04-27
Love the illustrations	I have a copy from my childhood which I'm delighted to share with my son. I love the illustrations.	2004-04-23
Great Flash Animation too	Both the book and the flash version start with simple letters and transform them into vibrant and exotic animals.	2004-04-23
Beautiful art -- good for all ages	My son received a copy for Christmas and the adults enjoyed the carefully crafted illustrations as much as he did. Not all the letters are obvious at first making the book all the more fun.	2004-04-23
ABC	I remember learning my ABCs with this book when I was a kid. Now I'm sharing my copy with my son. The illustrations are just as delightful now as they were when the book first came out.	2004-04-23
Get the full version	Board books are nice in that they are short and durable but in this case, so much of the artwork is missing in a board book version that is really no more than a \\"best of.\\" Wait until your child is older and get the full version.	2004-04-06
Only if you liked the cartoon	If you liked the cartoon, you'll like this book. It's a straight up retelling with illustrations right from the old Christmas special. If you didn't like the cartoon, don't bother with this book. You won't find anything new here.	2004-04-06
Good counting book	It's a good counting book with beautiful illustrations and the little ladybugs stuck to the pages. My son's complaint with it is that the ladybugs don't do anything. They're just there for their texture / shape.	2004-04-06
One of my son's favorites	My son is crazy about cats and picked this book out for himself. He loves the pictures and the textures, especially the rough cat tongue page. He's also fond of Touch and Feel Farm Animals.	2004-03-21
Peek-A-Fun	Young children enjoy books that have pages to open and repeating punchlines. Peek-A-Who has both. It's also thankfully short for parents who have to read the book the large number of times.	2004-03-18
Suspenseful without being scary	The Little Mouse book has a wonderful interplay between the reader and story as it introduces concepts of sharing and how to deal with the threat of a bully.	2004-03-15
Food Obsessed	The Greedy Python and The Very Hungry Caterpillar are my least favorite of the books Carle has illustrated. They are both food obsessed and give mixed messages about over-eating. A great Carle book is Have You Seen My Cat.	2004-03-14
Great book for cat lovers of all ages	My son, husband and I first checked a copy out from the library and we read at least a dozen times a day. When it was time to turn the book back in we had to find a copy for ourselves. Our son is absolutely cat crazy and he loves the illustrations in this book. They're so lively and beautiful.	2004-03-14
Great Reading for the Car	My son loves this book so much he has a copy of it in the car which he often looks at it when we're going to day care or coming home.	2004-03-13
A Seuss Standard	It's a Seuss classic that brings back fond memories from my childhood.	2004-03-13
Sheep are funny	My son and I picked this up at the library and ended up enjoying it enough to get a copy for ourselves along with copies of Sheep in a Shop and Sheep on a Ship. They're short, fun rhyming books with lovely illustrations.	2004-03-13
Another Seuss Favorite	It's another classic tongue-tying Seuss rhyming book.	2004-03-13
Fun Book	My son's not quite ready for as long a book as this but I'm eagerly looking forward to reading it to him. It was one of my favorite Seuss books as a child. I still can recite most of it from memory.	2004-03-13
Mixed feelings	Young kids like the book for the bright colors and the holes. As an overweight adult I feel conflicted about the book's message that while overeating will make you sick it will also turn you into a something better.	2004-03-13
Funny book	We got a copy after enjoying Sheep in a Jeep. I actually like this one better than Sheep in a Jeep because the sheep end up being resourceful rather than just reckless.	2004-03-13
Brings Back Memories	I remember being read this book as a child. It was a fun read. I remember being fascinated by the hunt for the missing egg.	2004-03-13
Tails: A Favorite	Tails is by far my son's favorite book. He has us read it to him at least a dozen times a day. If we're not reading it, he's reading it to himself. Fortunately it's a delightfully illustrated book and holds up well to multiple reads.	2004-02-09
Hotel: Surprising complex and thought provoking	Wow! I was not expecting this book to be so rich in detail, context, theme and character development. On one level it's just a very descriptive outline of 5 days in the life of a luxury hotel in New Orleans in the early 1960s. Hotel also takes a critical stance in the civil rights issues of the era. Through carefully crafted characters, it comes out pro-desegregation but does it without wielding a heavy hand. Then at the individual characters and vignettes, the book is about karma and how little decissions can add up to either good things happening or extremely bad things happening.	2004-02-09
A must have for owners of Calico cats	I found this book quite by accident but it was exactly what I was looking for. Not only did this book share my love of cats and interest in calicos but gave a clear and easy to understand explanation of calico genetics.	1998-12-07
