A Fun Guide For Seasoned And New WDW Visitors	Being avid WDW fans, visting there every 3 months from Ohio, my family will find this just-published book fun to take with us when we visit, and also at home. It will be of value to newcomers and also seasoned Disney fanatics like my family.  In its 224 pages there's something of interest to every member of the family, young and mature.  The multiple choice questions make it a fast, easy read, and make it easy to retain the answers.  We're glad to add it to our large Disney book collection. Recommended.	2004-07-15
Unique Volume Loaded With Disney Memorabilia !!	Every one of the more than 250 extra large Disney scrapbook pages is filled with unique, full color memorabilia from Walt Disney, and Robert and Richard Sherman, the song writers that created a world of popular music.  Everything from pictures and memorabilia of Annette, Haley Mills, and Julie Andrews, to Tommy Sands, 101 Dalmations, The Carousel of Progress, and the Enchanted Tiki Room are featured. Items are grouped by decades.  You can spend endless, enjoyable hours just looking in this huge volume that weighs 4 pounds !!  Well worth adding to your Disney or music or movies or entertainment library.	2004-07-15
Great Disney Book Loaded With Photos and Info !!	This 213 page book is just full of an endless supply of full color photos of everything Disney for the past 100 years. You'll learn all about Walt's early life and how his ideas created worldwide Disney worlds.  Each chapter covers a decade from 1901 to 2001 !!  Many of these pictures are archival and never made available before. The book provides many memories for &quot;children&quot; of all ages. It's a keeper. Enjoy !	2004-07-13
Book Brought Back Memories of U.C. College of Pharmacy	As a graduate of the U.C. College of Pharmacy, I found this book most interesting and memory jogging.  It is a great undertaking that chronicals the history of the oldest school of pharmacy west of the Allegheny mountains.  The important book took a massive amount of work to compile, with the help of scores of individuals who are credited in the book.  The period from 1850 when Cincinnati College of Pharmacy was founded, through joining with U.C., to the offering of the Pharm D degree is covered.  History is divided into chapters to show the earliest years (1850-1871) to the Fennel Years, depression and war years, to the 4 &quot;Dean&quot; years.  A complete register of students by year and name, along with their degrees from 1873 to 2000 is provided !!  It is fascinating to review how the practice of pharmacy has changed dramatically over this period and how the curriculum has been updated to meet the changes,challenges, and the needs of patients.  14 pages of detailed notes regarding the book are provided.  Anyone believing that pharmacy is not a dynamic ever-changing profession will discover the truth in this volume.  Most intersting is the chronicalling of pharmacy education during its infancy all the way to the 21st century.  The University of Cincinnati periods are titled with the Deans' names:  The Kowalewski Years, The Glasser Years, The Warner Years, and the new century with the Acosta years.  There is a wealth of information in this book's 235 pages, along with some interesting pictures.  They brought back memories to me personally, from the mid to late 50's, with Dean Joe teaching the freshmen &quot;History of Pharmacy.&quot;  Dean Joe personally interviewed each student prior to admission, and knew each student by name, and the pharmacy where he or she worked.  This book is most informative, interesting, and well worth reading.	2004-07-12
Walt Disney World Pops Right Up At You !!	This book contains only 5 pop-up pages, but it's a delight.  Each double page contains a super extra large, full color double sided pop-up of a WDW location.  Included are: The Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Studios, Animal Kingdom, and the water parks.  Each page contains interesting facts about the areas. This is a high quality, durable book that young and old will enjoy. It's not inexpensive, but it's a keeper.	2004-07-11
A Book That Will Keep All Ages Busy As You Visit WDW !	This interesting handy-sized 4&quot; x 9&quot; book of 160 pages covers all aspects of WDW. The whole family will want to look for all of the &quot;hidden&quot; Mickeys spread all over WDW. They're virtually everywhere. Scavenger Hunts throughout the book offer clues to finding the hidden Mickeys. Special hints are provided to help you in the scavenger hunts.  It can keep the kids busy and you don't have to spend money while your &quot;hunting.&quot;  Its a fun guide that you'll enjoy each time you visit WDW. We'll take ours everytime we visit Orlando. This book covers not only the parks, but also hotels, restaurants, shops and more.  You'll notice many of these for the first time, even if you have visited WDW many times.  Worth the low cost.	2004-07-11
Great Health Care Question and Answer Book For All	This brand new book written by Dr. Dean Edell contains a wealth of health care and related information of value to all.  Dr. Edell has been a &quot;regular&quot; on numerous programs for years.  The book is written in a convenient question and answer format.  Topics range from weight, diets, sex, children, infections, Botox and much, much more in its nearly 600 pages.  You'll find out where to obtain useful information and what info to discard.  Many additonal resources are provided by Dr. Edell.  This is an inexpensive book you'll refer to for years, and maybe will help you avoid buying useless cures, and maybe avoid an unnecessary trip to the doctor. Well worth the money.	2003-12-24
A Super Updated Stereo Reference Work	This is a brand new, year 2002, 336 page book with over 3,000 detailed listings of stereo view collectibles.  It has more than 500 black and white photos with a wealth of useful and interesting text on this popular collectible.  Chapters include care, condition, and dates of views, evaluating views, leading photographers and publishers and much information on modern era 3-D visual collectibles, including Tru-Vue, Novelviews, View-Master, GAF and more.  The volume is completely indexed for easy location of items.  Very comprehensive updated value guide. This updated edition is a must for stereo view enthusiasts.  Add it to your library.	2002-06-01
A Beutiful Book Featuring Funny Face Items	This is a new, year 2002, softbound, volume of 120 pages, loaded with over 200 very large, full color, sharp photos of every type of &quot;funny face&quot; item.  It's a memory jogger, reminding you of stuff you've long forgotten.  Descriptions of each item are very complete, and run the range from block heads, potato heads, magic whiskers to spud people and safety-oriented seventies and beyond.  There's plenty of interesting text provided.  It's completely indexed for easy location of items.  An up to date price guide is included. A fun book to enjoy.  Add it to your collectibles library.	2002-06-01
1970's Memory Jogger	This 2001 edition of more than 200 pages covers all aspects of 1970s collectibles.  It's loaded with large, sharp, full color photos of every type of collectible from the era.  Major chapters run from nostalgia, fads, smiley faces, cookbooks and fashion, to Watergate, TV, Muppets, Holly Hobbie and Punk and New Wave. There's plenty of text provided, along with item values.  Many of the long forgotten items of the period brought back pleasant memories of a simpler time.  Enjoy, enjoy.	2002-06-01
A Delightful Book About Jewish Family Life In Chicago 1920s	I greatly enjoyed every one of the 40 chapters in this wonderful recollection of Jewish life in 20's America.  Each chapter highlights a delightful adventure as seen through the eyes of a youngster.  Trials and tribulations of a youngster, as remembered by the guy who lived it, is a heartwarming tribute to family life for an immigrant family with their youngsters.  Having been brought up in a similar family situation, in the 1930's, I could see myself in many of these same daily adventures as a child.  Chapters cover important family events ranging from family moves, new pets, shoppping, new bikes, school, camp, vacations, etc., etc.  All aspects of daily family life and how they affect youngsters and parents are covered with an abundance of Yiddish speech and Jewish family attitudes.  This book provides a wonderful insight into this period of American life.  Enjoy, enjoy, and share with others.	2002-05-30
Exceptional Reference Book For Star Wars Collectors	This is a brand new, year 2002 hardcover volume with beautiful laminated covers.  It contains 384 pages with more than 23,000 listings and 12,000 full color photos !!  Many of these photos are small, but viewable for reference.  Items are easy to locate, and cover movie and character items, cookie jars, puzzles, costumes, action figures, playsets, micromachines and much, much more.  A brief discussion of the collectible is included.  Prices are year 2002.  With the quantity of photos included, and the ease of item location, you're sure to find what you're looking for.  A must-have for Star Wars collectors.	2002-04-16
A Must-Have Volume For Duck Stamp Enthusiasts!	This is a beautiful new book, 2002, that covers the popular Duck Stamps topic.  The handy 5 1/2 x 8 1/2&quot; softbound book is loaded with 128 pages of interesting and useful information.  It contains more than 70 very large, full color, sharp photos of each duck stamp.  These are suitable for framing.  Year 2002 values are provided for each stamp with complete information. The format includes one stamp per page.  Plenty of background information is included, plus collecting tips regarding care, storage, and more.  A detailed history of the collectible is provided.  Duck Stamp collectors will enjoy this new volume.	2002-04-12
Super 2002 Hot Wheels Variations Reference	A brand new year 2002, 240 page, softbound book, loaded with more than 2000 collector number packs.  It contains more than 1,100 large, sharp, full color photos of the cars. Complete descriptions make identification simple. The models are listed in release order, and the I.D. photos run in numerical order.  Cars are easily identified if loose or in the pack. Included is a comprehensive pictorial wheel identification guide.  &quot;Frequently  Asked Questions&quot; are answered, in addition to an Internet Tips page for buying on the internet. Plenty of information is included to assist any car enthusiast.  Add it to your collection.	2002-04-02
Gorgeous Library Volume Of Advertising Memorabilia	A brand new 2002, 416 page beautiful plastic laminated hardbound library book advertising memorabilia lovers will appreciate.  There are more than 1,200 large, full color sharp photos included.  Current values are shown.  Listings are in alphabetical order throughout the book, making item location easy.  Useful for beginners and advanced collectors, and everyone interested in ad memorabilia.  Add it to your library.  It's a beautiful book.	2002-04-02
New Guide For Diecast, White Metal and Other Toy Car Fans	A great new, year 2002 softbound 336 page volume.  There are more than 800 brands of cars included, from 1910 to 2000.  An interesting history is provided, as well as current values and buying and selling tips.  The book covers Hot Wheels, Matchbox, Corgi, Johnny Lightning,Tomica and more.  There's detailed information about scale, evaluating models, and insights into buying and selling.  Comprehensive guide for the collector.	2002-04-02
Beautiful Full Color Volume of Pepsi Collectibles	A brand new, year 2002, hard-bound library volume containing 256 pages with more than 2,000 large, full color, sharp photos  of every type of Pepsi collectible.  Current values are shown.  Items are listed by category, including signs, containers, novelties, toys and accessories and paper items. Sufficient text is included, covering Pepsi Collectibles, Reference Guide, History of Pepsi, History of Pepsi Trademerks and Advertising Slogans. I found the &quot;Paper Items&quot; section particularly interesting.  Add it to your library.	2002-04-02
A Beautiful Book Marilyn Fans Will Treasure !	This brand new, year 2002 224 page, softbound book is sure to delight any Marilyn Monroe fan.  There are more than 3,500 items shown, and plenty of useful information on collector clubs, buying on the Internet, and insuring your items.  You'll find a wealth of informative text included, along with a complete index to make item location easy.  Over 500 large full color photos are shown.  Fan clubs and collector sources are listed.  It is the most up-to-date, comprehensive price and I.D. guide available. Every type of Marilyn collectible is shown in this book.  Add it to your library.	2002-04-02
2nd Edition of the popular battery toys guide	This is the updated 2002 edition of Don Hultzman's useful volume.  The 208 page, softbound book covers more than 2,000 bettery operated toys with over 750 in full color.  There's a nice introduction to the collectible with an interesting history, a rarity scale and a handy trouble-shooting guide. Items are listed in alphabetical order. Each toy is rated according to rarity.  Battery toy collectors will find it of interest and value.	2002-04-02
The 4th Edition Of The Popular Guide To Ad Collectibles	This is the 4th edition (1999) of the useful guide to ad collecibles.  It features 320 pages, in a beautiful library laminated cover.  This volume is loaded with information and prices (1999).  Item descriptions are complete, with more than 600 great full color photos.  The volume includes a complete auction and dealer directory and information on item condition and its affect on value.  Each item is listed alphabetically.  This is a must-have volume for the ad item collector.  Add it to your library.	2001-12-14
A Super Nice Volume On Ad Paperweights !!	A brand new year 2002 delight of a book featuring 192 pages filled with very large, outstanding, beautiful, sharp full color photos to delight any ad paperweight collector.  There are few collectibles books whose photography and printing surpass this guide.  Collectors will be in awe of this work.  There is a nice introduction to the collectible, a list of manufacturers, and a section on &quot;questionable&quot; paperweights.  The book covers glass, celluloid, figurals and others.  Pricing is current.  A beautiful, beautiful book.	2001-12-14
Gorgeous Volume To Delight Celebrity Doll Collectors	Hot off the presses is this brand new 2002 volume, complete with 224 pages filled with large, full color, sharp photos of every type of celebrity doll.  Prices seem to be up-to-date.  There are over 950 great photos!!  There's not a lot of text, but descriptions are complete.  Major topics include, TV stars, movie stars, actors and actresses, musical groups and singers, entertainers, historical figures, sports stars, bibilical characters, circus stars and more.  Celebrity doll collectors will be delighted with this soft-bound book.  630	2001-12-14
Wonderful New Book on Boys' &amp; Girls' Book Series	Brand new, year 2002 volume dedicated to these series collectibles.  It contains 176 pages, filled with more than 325 excellent full color photos.  Prices are 2002.  There's sufficient text to answer many collector questions.  Major chapters include: pricing, intro, publishers, identifying first editions, glossary, abbreviations, resources, and more.  Descriptions are complete.  This is an exciting collectible, that brings back many childhood memories for collectors.  A very nice collector's reference.	2001-12-14
Beautiful Little Book For Ad Thermometer Collectors !!	This is a brand new year 2001 book with more than 400 large, full color, sharp photos of every type of advertising thermometer.  Values are year 2001.  There's not a lot of text in this softbound, small format book, but it's loaded with beautiful pictures of this popular collectible.  Major topics include:  agriculture, automotive, beverage, food, funeral and ambulance, healthcare, industry, and tobacco.  The smaller size makes it handy to take with you when you shop for these items.  Collectors will find it of value.	2001-12-14
A Wonderful New Volume Highlighting &quot;V&quot; For Victory Items	This is a brand new 2001 volume featuring a wide array of collectibles with the &quot;V&quot; for victory from the 1940's. Many photos are large, sharp, and in full color.  Most are super black and white photos.  There's a nice introduction.  Major topics range from Pearl Harbor, Banks, Music, V-Mail, Postcards to Linens, Stamps, Bonds, Banners, and Victory Gardens,Toys, Ads, posters, and much more.  Adequate text is provided.  This is a very timely book, with patriotism at an all time high.  It's of interest to every American, no matter their year of birth.  Add it to your library.	2001-12-14
A Toootsietoy Collectors Must-Have Volume  !!	This is a delightful book for Tootsietoy enthusiasts.  It features 272 pages, filled with over 700 very large, sharp, full color photos.  Values are provided, but when prices are consulted, readers should consider that this 2nd edition was published in 1996. There's a brief introduction and history.  Major chapters include: aircraft and spaceships, autos and racers, buses, dozers, GM, Grahams, military, prepacks, ships, trailers, trains, trucks, 1970's, packaged toys and boxed sets, and more.  The photos are a delight to view.  Nice volume.	2001-12-14
Great Lionel Train Book For New And Old Timers !!	Brand new, year 2001 book contains a wealth of information in its 128 pages.  There are more than 100 great full color, sharp photos.  It covers all the important information about buying, setting up, maintaining, and running your railroad.  In includes a very useful glossary of terms. Major sections include:  Lionel Legacy, Today's Lionel, tracks, layouts, maintenance, and much more.  Handy Appendix covers references, on-line, clubs, and suppliers.  Train enthusiasts will find it a very useful and enjoyable publication.	2001-12-10
Advertising And Railroad Fans Will Want This Volume	This is a brand new, 2001 hardback 224 page library volume that will please every railroad and advertising fan.  It features 224 pages with 212 outstanding color photos of train ads of every description.  The photos look as good or better than the originals. This covers the period of 1920s through the 1950s. There is an emphasis on how the passengers in the postwar period enjoyed the delight of train travel.  Plenlty of interesting text is provided. A delightful work.	2001-11-20
Enjoy Happy Trails With This Beautiful Reference Work	Brand new, year 2001, 208 page book with more than 1,000 full color sharp photos.  Current values are shown.  This book includes plenty of information and photos regarding Roy Rogers, Dale Evens, Gabby Hayes, Trigger, and Bullet.  There is a lot of informative text, and item descriptions are very good.  An interview with Roy Rogers Jr. is included, and chapters on advertising and premiums, autographs, badges, buttons, jewelry, books, clocks and watches, club memorabilia, magazines, toys, displays, and much, much more.  A delightful, useful book, highly recommended.	2001-11-20
The Updated 3rd Edition of A Useful GI Joe Reference	This is the latest, 3rd Edition of the very popular \\"Encyclopedia\\" of GI Joe collecting.  This 1\\" thick, 512 page book has more than 1,000 black and white photos, and a super 48 page large, sharp, full color picture section.  It has a very useful, complete table of contents making item location easy. Values are provided.  I found this volume most interesting and useful. GI Joe fans will find it of value, just as the popular previous editions.	2001-11-20
Gorgeous Up-To-Date Treasure For Lladro Collectors	This is a brand new, 192 page, year 2001 volume with more than 250 super, full color, large, sharp photos.  There are over 3,000 listings to help you identify the items. There's plenty of text, and complete item discriptions.  There is even information on care and cleaning of Lladro. Information on restorations is provided and when it is worth doing. Current price ranges are shown. Lladro fans will surely enjoy this work. A very worthwhile addition to your collectibles library.	2001-11-20
A Motown Enthusiasts Must Have Book	This is a brand new, year 2001 soft back, 384 page book.  It features a great 32 page full color section with 50 photos.  More than 100 rare photos are included. A host of black and white vintage photos appear along with interesting text throughout the volume.  Chapters provide in depth coverage of nearly 100 stars of the golden era of Motown. There is a wealth of information here. You'll find a Motown 1959 - 1972 &quot;Defining the Sound of Young America&quot; chapter included. Motown music fans will find this an interesting read and great reference.	2001-11-20
Brand New Updated Kitchen, Bath and Beyond Volume	This brand new year 2001 edition is a great follow-up to the previous volume.  This book features 256 pages and more than 1,300 full color, large, sharp photos.  Collectors will really enjoy the great variety of items shown and the clarity of pictures. Chapters range from Napkin Dolls, Pie Birds, String holders, and Laundry Sprinkler Bottles to Figural Egg Timers, Razor Blade Banks and more. There's adequate, informative text provided.  Collectors of these items will find it of interest and value, particularly with the updated pricing.	2001-10-31
A Great Updated Kitchen Glassware Reference Guide	New 272 page, hardcover volume with laminated covers.  It features over 5,000 items, clearly pictured in color for ready reference.  The period covers from the depression  through the 1960's.  Featured companies include: Anchor-Hocking, Fry, Hazel-Atlas, Jeannette, Pyrex,and more. There are inumerable patterns and colors.  Items range from batter jugs and bowels, coffee and tea pots, ice buckets and knives, to salad sets, salt boxes, shakers, straw holders and water bottles.  There is a &quot;buyer beware&quot; section covering reproductions.  A very useful and informative reference.	2001-10-31
A Super Guide to Buffalo Bill Collectibles	This 1998 272 page volume features more than 600 large, great, sharp, mostly color photos of every type of Buffalo Bill collectible, along with values.  There's plenty of text to inform the reader.  Major topics include Wild West Show Programs, Route Books, Lithographs, Books, Letterheads, Dime Novels, Tobacco, Tickets, Toys, Pinbacks, Postcards, and much more.  It's like visiting a Buffalo Bill Museum.  Very informative and a joy to read.	2001-10-31
Gorgeous Reference of Souvenir China	This 1998, 232 page book features more than 500 full color, large photos of a great variety of collectible souvenir china.  1998 values are shown.  There is a nice introduction to the topic and plenty of descriptive text throughout.  It's well indexed for easy item location.  Major topics include, Collecting Souvenir China in the U.S., Golden Era of Souvenir China, The Pioneers, Identifying Producers, Shapes, Forms and Styles, and related items.  A nice bibliography is provided.  Collectors will love looking at the great photos provided.  A useful reference.	2001-10-31
Brand New Year 2001 Guidebook To Car Racing Collectibles	Great new 224 page book featuring nearly 700 full color, sharp, photos of every type of racing collectible.  Enthusiasts will really appreciate the great variety of items covered, ranging from autographs, bean bag racers, cards and cereal boxes to magazines, medallions, model kits, and statues, steins, tickets and uniforms. There's plenty of text provided and thousands of item listings. If you collect car racing items, this is a must for your library.	2001-10-31
Brand New Beautiful Scottie Dog Collectibles Reference	Brand new, year 2001, 192 page volume is the 3rd in the series.  It features 192 pages with every page loaded with large, sharp, full color photos.  There's a nice introduction to the topic.  A variety of Scottie collectibles are covered ranging from banks, bookends, doorstops, planters, statues, calendars and advertisements, to greeting cards, movies, and more.  If you love Scotties, you'll really enjoy this book.  Add it to your library.	2001-10-31
Comprehensive Guide To Railroad Collectibes	This is the 4th revised edition of the popular railroad collectibles volume.  It features 200 pages with thousands of listings and hundreds of black and white photos.  1999 values are shown.  There's plenty of informative text and item descriptions are very comprehensive.  Topics range from art, baggage, books, badges, keys, to passes, playing cards, stereo view cards and wax sealers, wood tokens and time tables. Railroad enthusiasts will find this volume of real value.	2001-10-31
New Comprehensive Guide To Farm Toy Collectibles	A brand new year 2001, 448 page reference volume with more than 6,000 very clear, black and white photos and a 16 page full color section.  Year 2001 values are provided.  A complete index facilitates item location.  There is a nice, informative introductory section, and a section detailing the toy makers.  Enthusiasts will love looking at the huge variety of photos.  If you're interested in these toys, you'll find it of real value.	2001-10-31
Great, Year 2001 Guide To Jewelry Collectibles	Brand new book featuring 304 pages with 400 nice black and white photos and a 16 page full color section.  There is a useful introductory section describing the collectible.  Each item description is quite detailed to help identify specific jewelry items.  Major topics range from Antique (1800 to 1920) to Modern (1920 to 1960's).  It is a very complete up-to-date guide that will be of interest and value to jewelry collectors.	2001-10-31
The Year 2001 U.S. Scout Collectibles Reference Work	This is the 2nd, updated edition of the popular volume.  Its 400 pages feature more than 750 nice black and white photos and a 16 page full color section.  There is adequate text to accompany the photos, and it is fully indexed to aid in item location.  All major levels of scouting are featured, along with collectibles, council listings, glossary of terms, memorabilia dealers, collector organizations, museums and reference works.  It's an essential guide for scout collectible enthusiasts.	2001-10-31
A Gorgeous Must Have Book For Barbie Lovers !!	This brand new, year 2001 hardback, 256 page volume contains more than 350 full color, large photos covering Barbie dolls up to the year  2000.  It has complete descriptions and over 1,200 listings.  It's fully indexed and has current pricing.  Most of the 350 full color photos are full page in size, showing great detail.  Many photos are nearly actual size !! Many of the pages contain &quot;The Best Because&quot; section, that describes what makes this particular Barbie special.  Collectors will surely enjoy this work.	2001-10-31
Very Useful Reference Encyclopedia for Clock Collectors	Brand new, year 2001 encyclopedia for clock enthusiasts. It features 352 pages and more than 700 black and white photos and a special full color section.  There's plenty of informative text with data on clock types, clock making, leading clock makers, clock histories, wall and classic clocks, shelf clocks and novelty clocks.  The pictures provided are large and sharp, making identification easy.  Clock lovers will find this a useful work.	2001-10-31
A Giant 704 page 1 1/2 inch Thick Toy Reference	10th edition, year 2001 very comprehensive collectible toys guide featuring more than 51,000 values for its 17,000 listings.  There are more than 3,700 black and white pictures and a 16-page color section.  A complete table of contents makes item location easy.  Its items range from Action Jackson, Buck Rogers, Charlie's Angels and Evel Knievel, to Addams Family, Howdy Doody, Munsters and Pez and Matchbox, Renwal, Tootisetoy and wooden toys. Each major topic covers a nice introduction to the area.  Very useful reference for toy collectors and enthusiasts.	2001-10-31
We can all use this book's help in writing personal messages	184 pages, easy to read paperback volume that can provide the help we all need in writing difficult to write letters and notes.  Five easy-to-follow steps give you the help you need to clearly express your feelings in writing, whether it's to your spouse, children, parents, friends, or others.  Following the easy instructions, you can appropriately write like a pro, concerning repairing relationships, family matters, letters of comfort, love,and lots more.  Anyone can write a meaningful letter using the tips and examples provided.  If you write only one letter with the help of this book, it will be well worth the price !!<br />This is a book that should, and will be referred to often.	2001-10-17
Quick and easy overview to owning an offshore bank !	I found this book to be a fast-reading, informative overview to owning an offshore international bank.  Its 12 chapters cover topics ranging from how these banks work, privacy issues, risks and tax-benefits, to asset protection, case histories and how and where to begin.  I'm interested in finance, but do not currently have my own offshore bank.  There's plenty of useful information in this volume, but reading it is just the beginning.  Anyone venturing into this area of banking should certainly personally obtain the assistance of an &quot;expert&quot; in the field.  If you're considering such a venture, reading this book is an appropriate start.	2001-08-15
A Must Read For Everyone With Aging Parents !!	Every page of this year 2001, 346 page book will keep you interested, amused, and informed, as the author details her trials and tribulations of coping with her elderly parents.  If you're caring for your elderly loved ones, it's a MUST read.  The reader will easily relate to what she's been through and how she dealt with the trauma.  Her humorous way of presentation can help us get through the tough times that we're all faced with eventually. There's a useful &quot;Physician's Guide to Treating Dementia&quot; that's loaded with useful information.  A great 10 page resources list includes agencies that can help, along with their phone numbers and web sites. You'll have a hard time putting this book down once you start reading.  Read it, and recommend it to your friends and relatives. It's a win-win.	2001-05-30
Super How To Do It Book For Preserving Your Past  !!	This is a most useful, new (year 2000) 164 page, fully illustrated guide to preserving your family treasures.  All of the information in this lovely guidebook was approved by a panel of experts.  Topics range from protecting photos, film and videos, movies, paintings, clothing, furniture, glassware and musical instruments, to dolls, toys, natural items and military things, and more.  The chapters are very concise, yet complete.  Instructions are complete, and simple to follow.  It even covers security and insurance of items.  The time to begin preserving the items is now, and this book really shows you how.  Add it to your library.	2001-05-30
Easy Guide To Improving Your Mind And Body !!	This brand new (year 2001), 160 page guide is designed to help you improve your ability to relax, increase your focus, gain confidence, improve your health, set goals and manage your time.  It's an easy-to-read guidebook, with clear strategies to help you be successful.  Topics range from concentration, self-esteem, confidence and motivation, to handling fear, body language, and sleeping right.  The specific strategies presented motivate you to follow the book's concepts, leading you to positive results.  Everyone can benefit from it.	2001-05-30
The most colorful book I've ever seen !!	This one-inch thick (pages not numbered) beautifully printed volume represents a milestone in art and publishing.  It's printed on top quality paper, with the most advanced printing technology.  Topics range from computers, governments, Christ, and time, to love, science, bodybuilding and Goethe. It's a printing triumph, and a joy to peruse.  Much of the material is profound and thought provoking.  Try it, you'll like it.  A worthy edition to your library.	2001-04-13
Up-To-Date Essential Guide for Antique Collectors !!	This brand new year 2001 super guide can protect collectors from paying good money for fakes and reproductions.  The book's 304 pages covers Art glass, Cameo Glass, Depression Glass, China, Porcelain, Scientific Instruments, Art Pottery, Black Memorabilia, Bronze, Furniture, Computer-related, Lamp and, Lighting, Napkin Rings, Silver items, and Toys.  There are more than 1,000 great black and white, and a 16-page full color section to help you identify reproductions.  The book's 6 x 9&quot; is a handy size to take with you while antiquing. The book can save you far more than its price by protecting you from purchasing only one reproduction.  Add it to your library.	2001-04-13
A Must Have Book For Toy Enthusiasts !!	This is a brand new (2001) 480 page handy 6 x 9&quot; book that toy collectors will want to keep with them when antiquing.  It contains more than 350 black and white photos and covers the gamut of toys from A to Z.  It's called a guide and dictionary for toy enthusiasts, and includes every type of toy imaginable. Items are listed by brand names, manufacturers and type of toys, cross-referenced for easy item location and identification. There's also much information regarding toy making companies. The book has a handy thumb-index like a dictionary for speed of use. It's a useful addition to your collectibles library.	2001-04-13
Completely Revised Edition of a Classic Pattern Glass Guide	This 2nd edition (2001) has been completely revised to help you enjoy pattern glass collecting.  There are 224 pages with 39 full color photos and nearly 500 clear black and white diagrams to assist in identifying pattern glass.  Sufficient interesting text is provided, covering history, manufacturers, reproductions, state of the market, abbreviations, and more.  Useful text is included for each category of the collectible.  Values are shown along with the descriptions.  The volume is well indexed to facilitate finding items.  A very useful volume for pattern glass collectors.	2001-04-13
Interesting Different Kind Of Humor Book	This is an interesting, small (95 pages) book filled with funeral and related humor.  It's not for everyone, but many readers will enjoy the humor as related by &quot;funeral workers.&quot;  The major topics include Quaint Quotes, Ridiculous Removals and Funeral Arrangements, Wacky Wakes, Funny Funerals, and Hilarious Headstones.  There are about 120 different stories, jokes and miscellaneous included. It makes for interesting reading and can bring you some smiles.  Those who are offended by humor related to death and dying will not appreciate the book.  Other readers will enjoy it. It's a change from the ordinary.	2001-03-13
A Great New Simple Guide To Increase Your Web Traffic !!	Within its 110 pages, this new book provides a wealth of data to help grow their web sites.  I haven't had much experience in this realm, but this book taught me much in a very short period of time.  It's certainly easy, clear, reading and will make sense to those just getting into the web circle, and those with experience.  It covers from HTML basics, search engine positioning and pay-per-click, to advancing your search engine rankings (and how to avoid pulling your rankings down), to e-mail, affiliate and banner advertising, and much more.  It's a wealth of information that can be quickly and easily read and absorbed.  Add it to your library.  It can only help you succeed on the web.	2001-03-06
Outstanding New Guide To Delight Ladies' Compact Collectors	Brand new, year 2001, outstanding 2nd edition of this guide to ladies' compacts.  The beautiful 368 page hardbound volume with laminated covers features more than 2,000 large, full color photos of the highest quality.  Major topics include History of Compacts, Guide for the Collector, Inventions, Designs, Tips for cCllectors, and much more.  Each of the super photos includes plenty of descriptive text, along with values.  Some trade materials are also provided.  A must-have volume for fans of this popular collectible.  Add it to your library.	2001-03-05
Beautiful, Informative Guide to Indiana Cabinets !!	This updated 134 page guide-book has been updated from the previous edition, with more than 30 new pages.  It's loaded with plenty of super photos, and includes a brief introduction to the collectible.  You'll find plenty of manufacturers' catalog pages shown, along with advertising pieces.  Collector's will find it interesting and informative.  It covers Boon, Hoosier, Kitchen Maid, McDougall, Napanee, Sellers, Wilson Cabinets, and others.  A worthwhile addition to your library.	2001-03-05
Brand New Kiddie Meal Collectibles Reference	This brand new, year 2001, 208 page reference has over 400 nice pictures, many in color, and a wealth of information about restaurant chain premiums.  The scope ranges from A&amp;W, Arby's Baskin-Robbins, to IHOP, Little Caesar's, McDonalds, to Wendy's and White Castle.  There's plenty of interesting and useful text accompanying each section.  Values appear to be up-to-date and reasonable. Individual company profiles are very interesting.  I found this volume quite useful.	2001-03-05
The Best of The Best For Peachblow Glass Enthusiasts !!	A great new 208 page treasury of Peachblow Glass collectibles, with more than 500 very large, colorful, sharp photos.  Pricing is year 2000.  The quality of the photography is amazing.  You'll find plenty of useful and interesting in depth information here.  Major topics range from Morgan, Mt. Washington, World's Fair, to Italian, Fenton, Imperial, Pilgrim and Intaglio.  Newcomers to the hobby will find it most vaulable, as will the old-timers.  You can't go wrong with this book.  It's a beauty.  Add it to your collection.	2001-02-08
Delightful Picture Guide To Candy Containers &amp; Novelties !	This is a brand new (year 2001) 160 page delightful super collection of every type of modern candy container and related items.  There are over 500 large, sharp, full color photos with ample item descriptions.  Included is a brief history of the containers, information on candy container makers, and pricing.  Items range from Barbie, baseball, Batman and Bugs Bunny to Tootsie Roll, Tweety Bird, Volkswagon and Witches.  It's hard to imagine a book that could include every type of candy container available, but this book provides a nice overview of the popular collectible.  Collectors will enjoy this new book.	2001-02-08
A Tinker Toy Collector's Treasure	This very enjoyable and informative 205 page, Tinker Toy guide book contains more than 400 large, full color and black and white, sharp photos that collector's will be sure to enjoy.  Even those who aren't true collectors will find this book informative, and enjoy memories of days gone by.  In addition to the great photos, there's plenty of information included and excellent descriptions of items.  Prices are provided, but they're 1996 pricing.  Every type of Tinker Toy is featured, ranging from Action Toys, Art Sets, Bead Toys, and Construction Sets, to Quester and Playskool.  There's plenty of box photos and advertising pieces.  There are nice sections featuring items by years.  This is an outstanding reference, certain to be enjoyed by collectors.	2001-02-08
Beautiful Memory-Jogger Helps Us Remember Pearl Harbor !!	This is a great new 88 page book loaded with photos of every type of Pearl Harbor memorabilia.  It features more than 300 large, sharp, black and white and over 80 full color photos.  After the brief introduction, each page is full of memories.  Major catetories include newspapers, decals and patches, postcards, gum cards and matchbooks, post cards, pennants, banners, letters, postal covers, 3-D items, jewelry, movies, books, magazines, plaques and plates, and more.  Items are described as appropriate.  A separate price guide identifies each item by page number and description, along with the current value.  WW II collectible fans will enjoy seeing the featured items and the memories that go along with them.  Add it to your collection.	2001-01-27
A Winchester Collector's Delight !!	This is a brand new, year 2000 library volume that would be a treat to any Winchester collector.  The 208 page book contains more than 800 very large, full color, sharp photos of the rare and one-of-a-kind Winchester advertising items, hardly ever seen.  Topics range from rare calendars, posters, banners, signs, case inserts, window displays, counter signs, booklets and various paper items, counter pads, The Winchester Junior Rifle Corps, Winchester Store Era, Cartridge Boards, Medals, Magazine Ads, and more.  There is a nice introduction to the collectible and sufficient text for many of the items pictured.  Many of the products can't be found in any other book.  A really beautiful book that collectors will treasure.	2001-01-02
Plenty Of Food For Thought For A Truly Better Life !!	This fast-reading volume offers a lot more than I expected.  It is a profound statement based on the ancient Toltec Mexican-related religious wisdom that is as valuable today as it was in ancient times.  The teachings are quite simple, and they encourage you to live purposely and help you grow.  There's much to ponder to help you achieve this growth.  In the modern life, everything is so complex.  It's refreshing to read about the simple things you can do in your daily life, to help you really live a good, personally satisfaction-filled life.  It gets you to realize THAT YOUR LIFE IS GOOD, and you can take comfort in that, and grow personally.  Very worthwhile reading. Read it and share it with those you love.	2001-01-01
A New Comprehensive Volume on American Pottery &amp; Porcelain	Second edition of the popular volume updated for the year 2000.  There are 224 pages with more than 200 black and white photos and a 16-page color section.  This encyclopedia describes and prices almost 12,000 items produced by 150 American potteries.  Introductory text covers Derivation of Prices, Role of Condition, State of the Market, America's Ceramics Industry, and handy abbreviations used throughout the work.  There's also an appendix with auction houses, museums, glossary and a useful index, that facilitates finding items.  Topics range from Advertising and Calendar Plates, Children's Ware, Dresden Pottery, to Warwick China, Wheatley Pottery, and Yellowware.  Plenty of text is included for each category.  A useful book that collectors will refer to often.	2000-12-30
A Beautiful New Book On Action Figure Collectibles !	Action figure enthusiasts will love this new year 2000 book with its 256 pages of more than 500 very large, sharp, full color photos of every type of action figure.  Following the nice introduction to the topic, you'll find information and listings, along with super photos of figures ranging from Action Jackson, Batman, Bruce Lee, Buck Rogers and Charlie's Angels, to Spider-Man, Star Wars, Starsky and Hutch, to Wonder Woman, WWF, Xena and Zorro.  All of your favorites are here along with current values.  You'll love the photos.  They're just super. Add it to your library, and enjoy.	2000-12-30
Great New Guidebook For Decorative and Art Glass Collectors	This brand new year 2000 2nd edition volume contains 240 pages of useful information about this fine collectible.  There are more than 500 black and white photos along with a 16-page full color section.  There's plenty of text in this book including a useful introduction to the collectible, the evolution of art glass 1880 to 1930, diagrams of typical forms of baskets and bowls, cruets and decanters, pitchers and ewers, and vases.  Each of these categories is diagrammed with a description of its characteristics, making identification easy.  Items are clearly described, and  values shown.  There is a bibliography, listing of collectors clubs, and location of museum collections.  A wealth of information in this handy sized (6 x 9&quot;) softbound volume that's easily carried when you antique.  A very helpful publication.	2000-12-30
Much To Think About In A Small Package !!	I received this as a gift, and reading it made me pull myself up by the bootstraps and THINK.  Is there anything here that you didn't know before?  Probably not.  But there's plenty to think about and re-think as we go about our daily lives.  This book is a fast read with much food for thought, and the pictures are nice, too.  It makes you realize how much in our lives we take for granted, and how much time we spend on the least important. We tend to ignore the stuff that really counts and spend most of our time complaining and then rehashing the irritating and the unimportant.  That is, until some personal incident makes us realize how we or a friend or loved one comes to an end without enjoying the REALLY important fruits of life.  Anna sums it all up for me with her well known statement &quot;No man ever said on his deathbed I wish I had spent more time at the office.&quot;  Need I say more?  Read this book and pass it on to those you love.	2000-12-30
5 Star Rating For The 5 Star Job Done At Our White House !!	Although I'm not one of HRC's greatest fans, I found this new 324 page<br />super book well done, and a wonderful gift to give or receive.  The<br />price is quite reasonable, as well.  I felt that Mrs. Clinton invited<br />me into &quot;our&quot; White House, giving me a personally escorted<br />tour of the house, its furnishings, its festivities and its dining.<br />The more than 200 often breathtaking pictures succeed in giving the<br />reader an inside view of the public and private areas, rarely seen by<br />the general public.  She even provides us with over 50 interesting<br />recipes, giving us a flavor of the variety of dinners served here.<br />Hillary details her interior decorations and gives insight into her<br />non-partisan, personal side which were often not clearly previously<br />visible.  She has done a magnificent job in tastefully decorating the<br />house, and this book gives the reader a taste of the flavor that<br />exists.  Portions of the book's proceeds are intended for charity.<br />This is a coffee table, library book well worth owning and displaying<br />in your home.	2000-12-17
Updated I.D. and Values Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers Guide	240 pages of nearly 1,000 large, sharp, clear, full color salt and pepper photographs. This is the 4th volume in the popular set, with prices updated for 1999.  Not much text, but salt and pepper shaker collectors will be delighted with the pictures featured.  Major topics range from Advertising, Animals, American Mades to Birds, Fish, Fowl and Condiment Sets to Holidays, Nodders, Places and Plastics.  There is a very nice section on &quot;Tomorrow's Collectibles.&quot; The book's best selling point is the quality of every photograph featured. Collectors who enjoy seeing  beautiful photos of salt and peppers are sure to enjoy this volume.	2000-12-16
Jukeboxes, Slot Machines and More- Picture and Value Guide	This handy sized 5 1/4&quot; x 8 1/4&quot;, 352 page book features more than 275 great black and white photos of every type of jukebox, gumball, trade-stimulator, and slot machine imaginable.  There's plenty of history, investment advice, information on pitfalls, restoration and more, to whet the appetite of any coin-op machine collector.  Illustrations are quite large, and the text provided is most interesting.  Enthusiasts of these collectibles will find it of great interest and value by adding it to their library.	2000-12-16
One Of The Most Comprehensive Volumes on Coke Collectibles !	This massive 648 page hardcover library volume is the 10th edition containing more than SIX THOUSAND sharp photos including 324 in super full color. It is truly an encyclopedia of Coke collectibles.  There's a ton of background information and fascinating history of the popular collectible.  Topics range from the Coke Company, Signs, Displays, Sports, Banners, Trays to Coolers, Dispensers, Buttons, Menus, Trade Cards to Periodical Advertising, School Stuff and Carton Inserts.  Wow.  I don't know how such a large variety of items can be located and organized.  For the first time, each of the items has been assigned a Petretti number along with a value.  Any Coke collector would be delighted with this volume that weighs nearly 5 pounds.  A 5 star rating on this one.	2000-12-16
Handy Guide For Yo-Yo Enthusiasts !!	This compact 126 page guide to the collectible American Yo-Yo is handy to carry when you look for Yo-Yos.  It contains an adequate history of the collectible, and nearly 250 large, full color photos.  Photos of YO-Yo displays and packages are provided.  The book covers from the 1920's to 1970's.  Items are described and values provided.  All Yo-Yos are shown in manufacturer sequence, with most major American makers being included.  Novice collectors would find it especially useful	2000-12-16
Second Edition of a Great Beatles Reference !!	This 216 page book is loaded with more than 600 full color, large, clear photos of Beatles memorabilia covering their heydey from 1964 to 1968.  The beautiful picture, price guide features: Early Beatles Memorabilia, Jewelry, Buttons, Yellow Submarine, Apple Studio, Yellow Submarine Celluloids, One of a Kind Items and more. There's a brief introduction to the topic, and each picture features a description and price.  Some collector resources are included.  A beautiful book that Beatles collectors will love.  Add it to your library.	2000-12-14
A Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Lovers Delight !!	This year 2000, 225 page book contains nearly 700 very large, sharp, full color photos of every item.  Each is clearly pictured, described, and priced.  You'll marvel at the photography.  Items include: story books, lunch boxes and thermoses, school supplies, albums, records, and related items, movie posters, time pieces, cereal premiums, guns and holsters, and much more.  Merchandise ads and store displays are shown.  Every Roy and Dale fan will love this book.  It's great to look at and use.	2000-12-14
New Marx Toys Book Provides A Behind The Scenes Company View	This brand new (year 2000)192 page book gives you an inside look at one of America's favorite toy makers.  It takes you behind the scenes at Marx to help you see and understand the company and its people.  There is a beautiful 32 page full color section, in addition to more than 150 black and white photos.  Many of the photos have not before been published.  More than 1,200 individual items are listed, including many values.  Major topics range from Play Sets, Doll Houses, Lithographed Items, to Johnny West, and Sandy Dolls.  A Marx time line from 1896 to 1999 is provided along with a handy index.  Toy collectors will be delighted with this new reference.	2000-12-14
Brand New Exciting Work On Celestial Visitors !!	This brand new 580 page book (10/00) contains more than 30 photographs, many in full color.  It is written by Ernest Moyer who has devoted much of his time to investigating the phenomenon of &quot;celestial visitors&quot;.  This fascinating reference provides the reader with a real insight into the subject.  It's very comprehensive, covering topics from: Kidnapped by UFOs, Abduction, Android Grays, Biological and Nuclear Disasters, Flying Islands, Moons of Mars, Craft Design, Visits with God, American Indian Legends, Cosmic Reserve Corps and much, much more. Sources of information are included and the work is completely indexed.  Considering the nature of the material, it is not difficult to read or understand, and is most thought provoking.  The author sums it all up with &quot;The author prayerfully hopes this work will help others understand the celestial activities surrounding our planet today, the path of unfolding planetary destiny, and our contribution to God's program of time.&quot;  Well worth reading.	2000-12-14
Updated 3rd Edition Of The Beautiful Summers Coca Cola Guide	This beautiful 304 page hardbound library volume with colorful laminated covers will be a welcome addition to every Coke collector's library.  There are more than 1,400 full-color, large, sharp photos, thousands of listings and more than 3,000 up-dated prices.  Many of the items included are new to the guide and a joy to look at.  Topics range from signs, art plates, mirrors, carriers, radios and clocks to menu boards, door pushes, wallets and dispensers, etc. etc.  Sufficient descriptions are provided.  It is a treat to see many of the signs, variety of paper goods, and wallets that I never saw before.  This is an updated, quality book, Coke collectors are sure to enjoy.  Enjoy, Enjoy.	2000-12-14
Super Step By Step Guide To Promoting Your Book !!	If you've just published a book and want to know the ins and outs of promoting it, this 192 page brand new book (2000) can really give you the insight.  Writing the work is most demanding, but promoting it properly will spell your success or failure.  It's a very fast read with highlighted topics for ready reference.  Topics range from: Nuts and Bolts of Publicity, Signings, Publicity and Marketing, Getting Free Publicity, Book Reviews, Television Promotion, Radio Talk Shows, Web Promotion, and much more.  A wealth of information to help you get started.  Its completely indexed.  The emphasis of the work is successful promotion on a small budget.  Provides you with the tips of the trade.  Worth reading.	2000-12-14
A Book Everyone Should Read !!	This 238 page book is loaded with the facts we all need to intelligently make final arrangements for our loved ones, or pre-need for ourselves.  Everyone should read this book as it guides you and makes it easier for you to make funeral arrangements.  It will help you arrange for the most appropriate funeral cost-effectively, and you'll avoid the pitfalls that can occur at your time of need.  Major topics include:  Caskets, embalming, vaults, visiting the mortuary, memorial gardens, FTC rules, paying for the funeral, how to deal with the funeral director and more.  It exposes rip-offs, and exposes some of the tactics used that can result in your spending more than is necessary.  Most funeral directors are very helpful and honest at your time of need.  This book will help you make the decisions that must be made.  It is written by someone well experienced in the field, and is written honestly and with wit.  You will gain by reading this book. It WILL help you get through a difficult period.	2000-12-14
Beautiful Transistor Radio Guide To Please Every Collector	This 2nd edition 5 1/2&quot; x 8 1/2&quot; size, softbound 320 page guide is handy to take with you when you go antiquing for transistor radio collectibles.  It has about 400 great, large, clear, full color, sharp photos, and more than 2,000 values (1996).  There is a nice introduction to collectible transistor radios and a very complete list of radio clubs.  The book's emphasis is on the 50's and 60's.  Descriptions are very complete and the radios are listed alphabetically by manufacturer, making location and identification easy.  Add it to your library and you'll refer to it often.	2000-12-14
A Must Have Book For WWII Propaganda Collectors !!	This new (year 2000) 160 page book has more than 100 full color and 100 black and white, sharp, clear photos covering propaganda postcards from 20 countries.  There's plenty of text explaining the many cards, which are grouped by:  U.S., The Allies, The Axis Nations, and Neutral Nations. Valuies and a nice bibliography are provided. It offers a chronicle of the trying war years and gives a good insight into the history and actions of the times. The reader is given a provocative glimpse into the emotional climate of the people affected by the war, whether they were on the battlefield or on the production line.  A great insight into the history of the times.  A wonderful, fascinating addition to your library.	2000-12-14
Great New Guide To Delight Bean Bag Toy Bear Collectors !!	This new, year 2000 book contains 160 pages with more than 300 large, sharp, full color photos, and prices of more than 1,200 collectible bears. There's a nice introduction and plenty of useful text in this book.  Topics range from Avon Full O'Beans, to Chilly Bears, Godiva, Harley-Davidson, Paddington, Ty, Beanie, Winnie-the-Poo and Yogi Bear.  There's information on Bear Trends, Tips for Buying and Selling Bears, Using the Internet, Tips for selling on E-Bay.  Also data on current lingo, bear condition, counterfeit bears and a list of internet resources. Very interesting and valuable for collectors of little bears.	2000-12-14
Making Uncomfortable Family Talks Easier !!	The 288 pages of this book written by those in-the-know can really simplify our talks about sex, character and more with our children.  The &quot;Ten Talks&quot; book offers parents what they need to speak with their children, confidently, about these important topics and their relationships with others.  The information has been gathered from across the country and the methods have been time tested and proven.  It's difficult for all of us to begin and carry on the discussions that we must have with our kids, even for those who speak easily to large groups.  Our own &quot;home-grown&quot; group can be much more difficult to address.  In addition to the topics of sex and character, this book provides advice on safety, peer pressure, ethics, meeting people on the Internet, and messages received from TV.  It shows parents how to understand their own values and tells how to appropriately communicate them.  The information is useful for any type of family.  You'll learn how to get your kids to talk to you, which in itself is half the battle. Topics range from sex to honesty, respect, caring for others, sticking up for what you believe in, keeping promises, courage under pressure, and much, much more.  A very valuable family resource. Add it to your parenting library.	2000-11-11
A Great Encyclopedia For American Oak Furniture Lovers	If you enjoy American Oak Furniture, this brand new, year 2000 book is for you.  It contains 400 pages, loaded with more than 1,500 large black and white photos.  It covers the period from the late 1880s through the early 1900s.  Its contents are interestingly arranged according to room.  It takes you through the Entry Hall, Living Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, Children's Room, Library, Bedroom and then covers Chairs and Benches, Accessories,  Mission Furniture, and more.  Each room is provided with sufficient interesting and useful information. There's a chapter on the Hearty Oaks and Look Alikes, as well as a complete index and glossary.  Up-To-Date prices are provided.  Virtually every type of furniture from this period is included.  A valuable resource for American Oak Furniture enthusiasts.	2000-11-09
Latest Edition Of The Popular Toys Guide	I used and reviewed last year's edition (2000 issue), and find this brand new 2001 issue even better.  There are 958 pages (6xx9&quot;) in this volume, with more than 700 black and white photos.  There's an 8 page color section. The authors have updated the listings of over 20,000 toys in up to three condition grades.  This expanded edition now includes some of the &quot;newer&quot; toys such as Weebles, and TV toys such as those based on Howdy Doody, Scooby Doo, Pee Wee Herman, and the Flintstones.  Additional new chapters cover space toys and robots.  Each section contains background information about the topic.  If you can't find the toy in this book, you'll have problems finding it in any book. Very, very comprehensive.  Toy collectors will use it often.	2000-11-09
A Must Have Book For Japanese Woodblock Print Collectors !!	This brand new, year 2000 volume contains more than 200 black and white and 200 color, very large, sharp, photos in its 288 pages.  Subjects range from flowers to birds to sumo wrestlers.  There's a wealth of information provided, including format and size of prints, identifying prints, care of prints, japanese numerals, chronology, common character index, artist names, signatures and seals, trademarks, date and censor seals, and more.  A bibliography and source list is provided.  There's plenty of information that will be of value to novices and seasoned collectors of this topic.  Prices are current and appear to be realistic.  A welcome addition to books on collectibles.	2000-11-05
A Beautiful Book To Delight Lunchbox Collectors	A brand new, year 2001 book that lunchbox collectors are sure to treasure.  It contains 304 pages with more than 1000 very large, sharp, full color photos of every type of lunch box, from metal to vinyl to plastic.  Everything is arranged alphabetically for easy location of items.  Many of the photos include both the front and back of the lunchboxes to facilitate identification.  Manufacturer data is also supplied.  Prices appear to be realistic, and the authors have taken actual Internet sales into account when pricing the items.  There is sufficient background information provided, of interest to seasoned collectors and the novice.  Topics include a Timeline, Major Lunchbox Makers, Care and Cleaning, Artists, How Lunchboxes are Made, and Reproduction Lunchboxes.  A glossary and bibiography add to the books usefulness.  A very nice, useful reference work.	2000-11-05
An Exciting New World Fantasy !!	This is a brand new book by Paul Kidd, the author of numerous popular novels.  The Rats of Acomar is fast reading, with vivid word pictures of the events taking place when the mythical Rats rise up to take what they feel is rightfully theirs.  I enjoyed reading this science fiction, fantasy and could readily relate to how the mythical events described, really remind one of events actually taking place in real life.  Only the players have been changed. Worth reading.	2000-11-05
A Great Sci-Fi Fantasy Read !!	I enjoyed Paul Kidd's book very much.  His characters are well developed, allowing the reader to vividly picture them, as well as their surroundings, with the help of the great illustrations provided.  The reader learns to love these characters and relate to them personally as the story develops.  The plot continually develops, maintaining the reader's interest until the very last page.  This great work evokes emotions in the reader that may be surprising.  The quick reading book contains everything from love, war, terror, tragedy, triumph and power.  Try it, you'll love it !!	2000-11-05
Five Stars To This Giant Of A Publication Effort !!	This is the third edition guide of the popular collectible.  It contains more than 10,000 photos (some in color) covering 360 unique categories in its 928 pages.  Nearly 2 inches thick, this exceptional work weighs nearly 5 pounds !!  The clarity of each photo is exceptional.  The volume is carefully and completely indexed for ease of item location.  Three prices are quoted for each item.  Many one-of-a kind items are included.  You name the character toy, it's in there.  Toys range from A Date With Judy, Bachelor's Children, Drew Barrymore, to Flub-A-Dub, Katzenjammer Kids, Pebbles, to Tom Mix, Uncle Remus and Jack Webb.  It's a wonder how so much information can be collected to provide a reference work like this.  This book is amazing.  Character Toy Collectors will marvel at it.  It's not inexpensive, but well worth adding to your library. Would make a super gift.	2000-11-05
Yr 2000 Book On One Of America's Hottest Collectibles !!	A brand new book containing more than 600 large, sharp, black and white photos and a gorgeous 16 page full color section.  There's plenty of background information provided, in addition to the current pricing.  Topics range from A &amp; P, Adams Gum, Anheuser-Busch, to International Harvester, John Deere, Ken-L, to Z.B.T., and Zeno Gum.  This is a good general reference work for the advertising collector, covering more than 5,000 listings.  A very complete index, makes item location easy.  The advertising collector will refer to this up-do-date volume often.	2000-11-05
17th Edition Of A Popular Price Guide Plus A Super Bonus !!	This brand new, 2001 edition contains more than 20,000 detailed listings, with over 3,000 photos and 16 pages of full-color pictures in its 912 pages.  The volume contains a wealth of information, concentrating on the popular areas of furniture, glass and ceramics.  In addition many new and unusual items have been included, as their popularity has grown since previous editions.  Topics range from Advertising, Baseball, and Bottles to Character Collectibles, Cookbooks and Dolls, to Tobacciana, Watches and World's Fair.  Considering the scope of coverage, item descriptions are adequate to permit easy identification of the items.  A super bonus provided is FREE registration for online access to Antique Trader's Online Price Guide through October 2001.  This online guide will include all the information from the 1995-2001 annuals, giving you access to seven years of history in a searchable database.  A handy pre-paid activation card is included in the book.  This free bonus can add considerably to the book's value to collectors.  A welcome up-to-date addition to your library.	2000-11-05
Second Edition, Yr 2000 Of The &quot;Hottest Collectibles&quot; Guide	This 496 page guide to the hottest current collectibles contains more than 1,300 black and white large, sharp photos and covers more than 10,000 items in 95 categories with current values !! Topics range from Animation Art, Barbie Dolls, Bobbing Heads, to Fisher-Price, Gambling, G.I. Joe, to Western Americana, Wrestling, and Yo-Yos.  Even though the scope is so wide, there is plenty of useful background information provided on the topics.  I especially like the &quot;Collecting Tips,&quot; &quot;Advisories,&quot; and other helpful hints highlighed throughout the book.  There are even special &quot;Future Treasures&quot; included where appropriate.  This book is a must-have for everyone that scouts antique shops, garage sales and flea markets for collectibles.  There's even information about buying and selling collectibles on the internet.  Well worth the price.	2000-11-05
Pointing The Way To Happier Staff And Happier Clients !!	The title sounds &quot;FISHY&quot; but the contents do deliver concrete information on making everyone's work day more pleasant, while gaining happier customers.  There are only 112 fast-reading pages in this new book, but they provide a wealth of knowledge and things to think about.  Seattle's Pike Place Fish Market provided the fundamentals for this book which can be used in any work environment and situation- office work as well as front-line work.  You'll learn eye-opening fundamentals and common sense approaches to dealing with customers and staff actions and accountability, that produce not only happier customers, but happier staff members as well.  Did I find any magic formula in this book to accomplish all of this?  Not really.  But there's a wealth of stuff to think about. The fundamentals presented are:  Choose Your Attitude, Make Their Day, and Be There.  The principles taught by this book are currently being used by organizations all over the world with great success being reported.  The FISH pilosophy is relevant to nearly every issue facing business today: productivity, teamwork, quality improvement, customer service, creativity and innovation, employee turnover and job satisfaction.  What else is there ? Simple lessons are presented, teaching managers how to energize staff and how to result in a completely improved workplace.  The information is easy to learn and apply.  The principles presented are a win-win for everyone from management, to staff, to customers.  Well worth reading !!	2000-10-07
We Can All Learn and Benefit From Dr. Carlson's Philosophy !	This is a brand new addition to Dr. Carlson's books on &quot;not sweating the small stuff.&quot;  This one is targeted to teenagers, but we can all benefit.  I found that the way the book is set up is quite helpful.  Each of the more than 100 topics is short, and you can gain the insight into his teachings on that topic in just a few pages and a few minutes.  There are really practical tips for coping with peer pressure, dealing with everyday situations at school, work, play or home.  He includes many examples of his own experiences as a teen and the best ways to handle them.  He offers advice, but doesn't preach to you.  The advice he presents is simple, full of wisdom for coping with situations the teen must deal with daily.  One of his key factors in overcoming the &quot;small stuff&quot; is developing the ability not to be irritated, bothered, and annoyed by the day to day things that happen to all of us.  He acknowledges that it's very tough to be a teen today, considering the numerous outside pressures to set you going down the wrong path.  The techniques he offers won't make the pressures go away, but you'll be better able to deal with them.  He goes into some detail about criticism, and how to handle it.  There are tips in gaining self confidence.  If you incorporate just a few of his many suggestions into your everyday life it can make a major difference in your life, your success, and those around you.  Well worth reading.	2000-10-07
FIVE STARS FOR THE REAL INSIDE STORY OF THE BEATTLES !!	This long awaited brand new Beatles history contains 368 pages and more than 1,300 photos, many never seen before by the public.  It's loaded with personal stories from how the Beatles came to be, the early rough days, their rise to fame, the social changes they caused and how they finally broke up.  It's written as an autobiography, not a tabloid account of their lives we're so used to seeing.  This autobiography provides insight into their lives unlike many of the other accounts published.  Their tales are filled with humor and they mince no words about their lives and what they stood for.  Many of the photos and documents included are from their personal archives and have never been seen before by the public.  The Beatles make it clear that they would say what they really thought about the issues of their time and hoped others would be truthful and do likewise.  Their philosophy was &quot;everything that happens to you is good, as long as you learn something from the experience.&quot;  This is a MUST HAVE library volume for Beatles fans and something you'll enjoy, keep and refer to for a long time.  A great addition to the vast Beatles literature.	2000-10-07
Gem Of A Book For Those Facing Or Involved With Divorce !	The brand new 352 page book really spells out with great insight how children are affected by divorce.  Written by a true authority in the field, Dr. Wallerstein's book should be required reading for parents in troubled marriages.  Kids of such marriages are OWED this information.  Through her many interviews with children of divorced parents, she has learned how they really feel, how they react to divorce and how it has affected their own married lives and their children years later.  Just a few of the topics covered include:  When a Child Becomes the Caregiver, What If They'd Stayed Together- and What If They Can't, Family Ties, Growing Up Lonely, Court-Ordered Visiting, the Child's View, The Stepfamily, and much, much more.  Dr. Wallerstein shows how many children of divorced parents actually overcome their fears and sorrows, and become loving partners and parents.  Of great importance is her coverage of whether parents should stay unhappily married or to divorce, a question routinely faced by couples.  This is a great book that should be read not only by parents, but all of those dealing with potential divorce situations.  A very important book, that can only help the situation.	2000-10-02
New Edition of the 20's &amp; 30's Electric Lighting Guide Book	This is the year 2001 updated guide book with new pricing.  It features 124 pages loaded with black and white (and some color) photos of every type of electric lighting fixture for the period.  The photos are very large, detailed, and sharp.  Main topics include Angle Lamps, Art Deco, Bed, Desk, Floor Lamps, Glass Shades, Hanging Lamps, Novelty Lamps, Table and Wall Lamps, and many more.  Each photo is fully described with the original catalog descriptions.  The new updated price listing is in the back of the book and easy to use.  Collectors of this grouping will find the book interesting and useful.	2000-10-01
Considering Hiring Household Help?  Youll Need This Book !!	This super 253 page, brand new book is a MUST if you think you need household help, (or even if you think you can get along without it).  It'll give you all of the answers to the questions about this, to help you make an intelligent decision.  You'll learn why hiring household help is no longer a luxury for the wealthy, but should be viewed as a time-management tool for busy folks.  The volume is an easy read, loaded with important facts.  You'll learn how to justify the cost and even how to sell  the idea to your spouse !!  There's a great appendix that provides a super schedule with day by day duties you can give to your helper so you can get the biggest bang for your buck.  This schedule alone would take you much time and effort to prepare.  There's even info on how to comply with the &quot;nanny tax&quot; laws.  If you're just tired of complaining about your housework, and all of the daily chores that must be done, GET THIS BOOK.  IT CAN REALLY HELP !!	2000-10-01
A Must Volume For Winchester Collectors !!	This brand new, year 2000, 752 page softbound reference work contains everything you'll need and want to know about Winchester products.  There are more than 90 very arge, sharp, full color photos and more than 2,500 great black and white photos.  2,500 major products are included and current values for more than 10,000 items.  This is more than a picture-price guide.  It's loaded with useful information for the Winchester enthusiast.  Topics range from Winchester History, Firearms, Engraving, Cartridge Boxes, Shotshells to Reloading Tools and Supplies, Junior Rifle Corps, Pocket Knives, Fishing Equipment, Sports Items, Farm and Garden Tools, Axes, Carpentry Tools, Mechanic Tools, Kitchen and Household Appliances, Padlocks, Flashlights, and more and more.  Wow !!  There are even sections on Calendars, Posters, and Advertising and Trench Art.  A Winchester enthusiast's dream come true.  Items are easily located.  I don't know what else could have been included in this book.  Get it and enjoy, enjoy . . .	2000-09-23
Great Brand New Book To Help You Keep It Clean !	Linda Cobb is really one of the clean-up gurus that can help you easily and quickly clean virtually everything you own.  This new 160 page gem of a book shows you how to spruce up (and keep clean) all kinds of things.  Not only that, but you can do it with stuff you already have sitting around your house, or can easily and inexpensively obtain.  Her techniques are easy to accomplish and the results are fast.  In our house we found out quickly what couuld be done with a lot of the things we had in the house and garage.  By using vinegar, car wax, lemon juice, baking soda, detergents, rubbing alcohol, Tang, and even denture cleaning tablets, miracles were accomplished.  Wow !  We actually did some of these things the first day we got the book. Whether you need help with your shower, tile, faucets, toilets or other bothersome things, her tips make the work simple and easy. Topics are easily located in the book, another time-saver.  This book is a great value at $ 8.09.  It'll save you plently in time and money.  It's an inexpensive gift that your friends will appreciate, even those that it's difficult to buy for.  It's something that every home owner or apartment dweller can use, male or female, married or single.  We gave a copy to our newly married daughter, and she immediately found useful hints and put it to work.  Highly recommended.	2000-09-23
The Star Wars Collector's Best Friend !!	This brand new, year 2000, 320 page softbound, handy 4&quot; x 8 1/2&quot; guide book is ideal for Stars Wars colllectibles hunting.  There are more than 4,000 items in this book, with over 600 black and white, and 200 full color great pictures.  The book provides a nice introduction to the collectible, and adequate information about each major heading.  Topics range from Action Figures, Books, Ceramics, Clothing and Coins, to Model Kits, Paper Collectibles, Recordings, Vehicles and Wall Art.  A very complete index is included to make item location easy.  The item descriptions are quite complete, and the values appear to be very current and reasonable.  A must for Star Wars collector's.  You'll use it often.	2000-09-23
Up-To-Date Guide To Die-Cast Vehicles	A brand new, year 2000 304 page book devoted to the the popular  collectible Die-Cast vehicles.  There are more than 500 large, sharp black  and white photos and a super 32 page color section with large, sharp  photos.  Values are year 2000.  If you're into Hot Wheels, this book  provides the most comprehensive Hot Wheels list I've seen.  Included is a  brief introduction to the collectible, and of each category.  Major topics  range from Corgi, Dinky, Hot Wheels and Johnny Ligtning to Matchbox, Racing  Champions and Tootsietoy.  Each toy description is complete and numbered,  and includes Good, Excellent, and Mint condition pricing.  A really great  reference and pricing guide that's a must have for collectors of these  toys.  There are over 5,000 listings with more than 12,000 prices.  Very  useful.	2000-09-16
Up-To-Date, Year 2000 Depression Glass Reference Work	This brand new, 256 page soft bound volume contains over 150 black and  white photos and more than 400 full color, large, sharp photos.  It covers  more than 150 of the most popular Depression glass patterns and offers more  than 10,000 up-to-date values !!  The book's layout is nice, with very  large colorful headings in each section.  There's a good introduction to  the collectible, and interesting and useful company time-lines, color  time-lines, resources, references, color identification guide, shape guide  and thumbnail guide.  These tools will help you locate the things you seek.  Patterns and items range from Adam, American Fostoria, Cloverleaf, Dewdrop  and Fire King, to Petalware, Pineapple, Queen Mary, Radiance, Waterford and  Windsor.  The book is designed to be useful for the novice as well as the  expert.  Ellen Schroy is truly an expert when it comes to antique  glassware.  This updated book has a lot to offer depression glass  enthusiasts.  Add it to your collectibles library.  You'll find it  easy-to-use and fascinating.	2000-09-12
This Book WILL Help You Manage Your Time Better !	I was anxious to read Julie Morgenstern's brand new book on time  management since I found her &quot;Organizing&quot; book very interesting  and useful.  This book provides lots of insight into better time  management, something we can all use.  We've all tried various methods and  systems to help us succeed in time management.  Some helped, some didn't.  It's something I've always had difficulty in dealing with, and although I  read various books on the subject, they didn't seem to help very much.  Julie's new book really seems to help me balance my time so I can get more  things done.  She brings to light some of the things that hinder good time  management and shows you how to improve on them by using the skills that  you already have.  Her goal is to help you manage your time better to allow  you to do the things you must do, providing you with more time to do what  you really want to do.  She shows you how to determine how much time tasks  really take, avoiding being late, keeping you to your required schedule,  and how to cope with things that go wrong.  This book offers her expert  advice to guide you in establishing a plan or system that works best for  you as an individual.  It's NOT all work and no pleasure, either.  Everyone  can benefit by what this book has to offer.  It will help you accomplish  more in your work life as well as your home life.  This will surely become  a best seller, as it's a subject EVERYONE must deal with. Well worth  reading !!	2000-09-04
A Real Take-You-By-The-Hand E-Trade Manual	This brand new 223 page book teaches you how to easily and successfully use E-trading to your best advantage.  There's not a whole lot of technical  jargon or theory and detail that you probably wouldn't use anyway, but it  provides you with the ammunition to help you succeed.  It provides guidance  on buying the right computer, how to use it, Internet Service Providers and  goes on to help you set up your account, participate in short and long-term  plans, bonds, stocks, futures, options and mutual funds.  You'll be shown  how to use your computer for setting up your best financial plan.  This is  something beginners really need and often fail to take the time to do.  The  book is very informative and fun to read.  Along the way Mr. Cotsakos  throws in some commercials for his own products, but they don't have to be  purchased for successful trading.  Overall, this book is an up-to-date,  valuable source of information that can only benefit your successful  E-Trading.  Most investors can benefit by this book, even those who think  they know it all.	2000-09-03
This Book Could Be Your Wakeup Call To A Better Life !!	Written by someone with plenty of experience and valid credentials, it can  help you meet your problems head on and put you on the right track to  permanently resolve them.  Dr. McGraw doesn't say that its easy, and  sometimes there's pain involved, but the results are worth the pain.  This  great work gives you the strategies to succeed, and puts you in control.  The author doesn't beat around the bush.  He presents the plans in an  honest no-holds-barred manner, that is sometimes hard to take.  He'll help  you realize that none of us is perfect, which in itself is most beneficial.  This book isn't difficult to read, but it does take some effort to do the  reality checks that we all need to do from time to time, and to do the  exercises necessary for success.  You'll gain some valuable insights into  why people behave the way they do.  Dr. McGraw walks your through his  &quot;Life Laws&quot; and &quot;Strategies&quot; to help you succeed.  These include: Acknowledging and accepting accountability for your life;  What payoffs drive behavior;  Acknowledging that a change is needed; Taking  action; Owning rather than complaining about how people treat you; Naming  it and  then claiming It.  His method is helping countless individuals, who  want to be helped and are willing to work at it.  This is a book that  you'll want to read and re-read as time goes by.  You'll discover some  interesting things about yourself, that you never even realized were  hindering you and troubling you.  The book can help you overcome many of  the things that haunt you daily, from a career change that's needed, to  habits that should be eliminated and getting out of ruts that hold you  back.  There's a lot of meat in this book and where else can you get so  much valuable, authoritative, professional help for $ 10.75 ?	2000-09-01
4th Edition of the Little Golden Books Collectors' Classic	The brand new, year 2000, 528 page softbound book contains more than 3,500  black and white photos of these great collectibles, complete with year 2000  values.  There is a very nice history of the popular collectible, with  information on the Numbering Systems, How to Determine Value and Condition,  Promotional and Special Little Golden Books, Products Marketed Using  Licensed Little Golden Book Characters, Foreign Books, Dating the Books,and  Back cCver Designs Through the Years.  Every type of Little Golden Book is  included, ranging from Disney, Ding Dong School, Elf Books, Wonder Books,  to Treasure Books and Tell-A-Tale Books.  Locating the books is easy, with  the Numerical Index, Company Products and Corporate Characters Index,  Illustrator Index, Master Book Title Index.  The index is so comprehensive  it runs for 49 pages !!  A super reference.  You wonder how anyone is able  to develop such a comprehensive work.  It's a walk down memory lane, too.  Add it to your reference library.	2000-08-31
3rd Edition of A Classic Pottery &amp; Porcelain Ceramics Guide	Updated version of the useful guidebook, containing 390 pages, with more  than 1,200 black and white photos and a 16 page full color section.  There  are 125 sketches of markings, for reference.  Year 2000 pricing is  provided, along with collecting guidelines, and a glossary of terms.  The  book is completely indexed for easy reference.  Topics range from Austrian,  Doulton, Harker, to UHL, Warwick and Zsolnay.  Each topic is described.  The volume is an easy to use reference work.  With its handy size, you'll  want to keep it with you when you antique.  Add it to your library.	2000-08-24
Reprint Of A Classic Stanley Tools Book With Updated Pricing	Tool collectors will enjoy this interesting and useful book of nearly 300  pages which is a reprint of the complete original 1909 and 1926 Stanley  Tools Catalogs. The softbound, handy-sized book contains more than 1,200  black and white pictures and details of the tools.  It is complete with the  original indexes, making tool location easy.  A special insert contains  year 2001 pricing.  Everyone interested in these historical tools will  enjoy using this great reference work.  Take it with you when you antique  for old tools.  Add it to your reference library.	2000-08-24
A 38 Year Chronicle, Plus The Day John Died	The new 384 page book, written by Christopher Anderson who authored &quot;The Day Diana Died&quot;, makes for easy and interesting reading, but  places emphasis on his whole life, not the day he died, as the book is  titled.  Most readers will have already read much of this in the press or  have heard it on the air.  In spite of this, I enjoyed looking at the 50  photos included, and found the text and writing-style pleasant and  interesting.  There are detailed accounts of his early days and later  family life, with some particularly interesting insights into his family  relationships.  His romances and political aspirations are examined.  The  book tends to give the reader a closer look at the life of John.  The very  detailed picture of what could have occurred as he flew on the fatal flight  does create some vivid images of what happened, but the details, of course,  are only guesses.  There are some clear views of what his last days were  like, and his concerns about his &quot;George Magazine&quot; and its  future.  Not a lot of new information, but nicely and concisely packaged  making it a desirable read.	2000-08-17
Super Treasury For Limoges Boxes Enthusiasts !	This brand new 176 page, beautiful, softbound 8 1/2 x 11&quot; volume contains more than 400 very large, sharp, full color photos.  There is  plenty of background information included and year 2000 values.  Major  chapters include, History and Artistry of Limoges, Photo Journal,  Fabrication, The Box Itself, Old and New Tales, and a chapter For The  Collector. A comprehensive bibliography is provided and extensive lists of  sources, manufacturers' marks, and a very complete bibiography. A beautiful  and useful reference work.  This book certainly does not contain every  Limoges Box ever produced, but it provides information about many a box.  Limoges collectors will love this volume.	2000-08-17
Delightful Reference For &quot;Writing Stuff&quot; Collectors !	This brand new (2000) 208 page softbound volume contains more than 200 full color and 300 black and white very large, sharp photos of every type  of writing tool and desk accessory.  In addition to the great photos, there  is plenty of detailed information about the various collectibles.  Topics  range from: history of ink and ink containers; stone to shell-inkwell  materials; inkwell designs and motifs; history of pens; to collecting pens;  advertisintg item;, and restoration and repair tips.  Plenty of valuable  data for the collector.  There are pen ads, and year 2000 values.  Pen  collectors will be interested in the history provided, which takes you from  quill pens to the ballpoint, and back to the old nib-style pens.  There is  an interesting chapter on the major fountain pen makers.  Well worth adding  to your collectibles library.	2000-08-16
An Inspirational Book For All Of Us !	A very interesting new (8/2000) 288 page book with inspiring stories for males and females alike, of all ages.  The lives of women of the Senate are  detailed.  All coming from different backgrounds with different lifestyles  yet able to attain some of the highest positions in the land.  The manner  in which this book is written makes it most interesting.  The lives of  women in public life are detailed and the reader is offered guidance for  seeking higher positions and fulfillment.  The book was written primarily  to inspire young girls- these women acting as role models- but young boys  can equally benefit.  Proceeds of the book are said to go to the Girls  Scouts.  A fascinating story.	2000-08-16
Beautiful PBS Book On Creatively Preserving Family History !	This new 128 page 8 1/2 x 11&quot; fully color illustrated book takes you beyond the basics in how to save your family photos, memorabilia and  histories.  A very helpful book that guides you step-by-step on how to  photo tinting, paper embossing, photo transferring, making greeting cards,  puzzles and time capsules.  Every topic is clearly described and every page  contains very large, full color completed photos of each project.  Each  project provides the list of supplies needed and a simple step-by-step  description of what to do.  There are chapters on: home and family,  heritage, travel and vacations, babies, holidays, sports, kids, weddings,  nature and scenery, school, celebrations, memory gifts and more.  Wow !  Just seeing the photos makes you want to act on the boxes of stuff you have  sitting in the closet gathering dust.  A truly great book that is part of  the Public Television Series.  Very useful.	2000-08-16
An Ashtray Collector's Treasure !!	This second edition, 288 page, 8 1/2 x 11&quot; softbound book has more  than 2,000 beautiful, full color photos.  There is a very complete index  for easy reference.  Year 2000 values. An informative introduction and  history of the topic is included.  Major topics range from functional  ashtrays, advertising, novelty to ashtrays from the past and ashtrays  without a country.  There's plenty of information on pottery and porcelain,  glass, metal, plastic, marble, soapstone and wood.  Every kind of ashtray  from alcoholic beverages to educational to world's fair.  Add this book to  your collectibles collection.  You'll enjoy it and find it very useful.	2000-08-14
Outstanding Trade Card Collector's Reference !	The beautiful 224 page, 8 1/2 x 11&quot; softbound book contains more than  500 full color, sharp, large photos. '98 values. There are 70 topics  ranging from angels, baseball, dolls, expositions to Uncle Sam, women,  wringers and washing.  There's plenty of background information on each  topic.  A useful glossary of terms is provided.  A must for tradecard  collectors. Fascinating to read and refer to.	2000-08-14
A Super Black Collectibles Reference Book !!	This wonderful book contains 296 pages and is 8 1/2 x 11&quot; softbound.  There are more than 500 full color, large, sharp photos.  Pricing is '96,  which could use updating.  There are very complete item descriptions.  Excellent background information is included for each topic.  Topics range  from political, advertisng, entertainment to folk art, novelty, pictorial  and toys.  A wonderful book on this interesting and popular collectible.  Add it to your library, you'll enjoy it.	2000-08-14
Tins Collectors- Enjoy, Enjoy !!	A beautiful 152 page, 8 1/2 x 11&quot; softbound book contaiing more than  500, huge, sharp, beautiful full color photos.  Some background information  is included.  Mostly a delightful picture-price guide ('98 pricing).  Main  topics range from breakfast cereals, candy, beverages, cookies and cakes to  pet products, snacks, misc. non-food tins.  A pleasure to view and enjoy  the life-like tins.  Superb photos and reproductions.  Collectors will  surely enjoy owning this book.	2000-08-14
Beer Memorabilia Collector's Delight !	This beautiful, 184 page deluxe, laminated cover hardbound volume will be  enjoyed by every beer memorabilia collector.  It contains 184 pages, 8 1/2  x 11&quot;, with more than 200 full color, gorgeous, sharp photos, many  full page in size.  It has '97 pricing.  It is loaded with information on  this collectable, with very complete item descriptions.  Major topics range  from early history, brewery company art, signs, trays, brewery beauties,  statues, reverse glass, mugs, cans and more.  It does not include every  item available, but a good representative of each category.  A beautiful  deluxe library volume.  Enjoy, enjoy.	2000-08-14
A G-Men and FBI Toy Collector's Treasure  !	This 192 page, 8 1/2 x 11&quot; softbound volume is jam packed with more  than 600 full color, very large, sharp photos, including original boxes and  ads.  Collectors of this category will really enjoy this wonderful book.  There is a brief introduction to the collectible, and is mainly a price  picture guide.  Prices are 1998.  Major topics include Melvin Purvis  collectibles, Jr G-man badges, pins and charms, fingerpriting and  communication sets, lab, guns, books, movie collectibles, J. Edgar Hoover  Items.  Collectors will surely enjoy this beautiful book.	2000-08-14
Up-To-Date Edition Of The Popular Personal Finance Work	This updated version of Beth Kobliner's work (5/2000) can help the folks  in their 20's and 30's get a handle on their finances.  Even with a college  education, most students fail to come away with sufficient knowledge on how  to manage their dough.  This book is an easy read, not filled with useless  info.  There is special emphasis on paying off college loans, getting  credit cards, buying a car, and financing a first house or apartment.  Things that you really need to know.  The main chapters include:  Figuring  out Where You Are and Where You Want to Go, Finding the Best Loans and  Getting Yourself Out of Hock, How to Get the Most from Your Bank for the  Least Amount of Money, All You Really Need to Know About Investing, Living  the Good Life in 2030 !!, Getting an Apartment or House of Your Own, What  Insurance You Need and Don't, Finding the Right Policies and Forgoing  Coverage You Don't Need, Making Your Life Less Taxing.  There is info on  using the Web to help you save, spend and invest wisely, how to refinance  your high-rate debt and avoid hidden fees and traps, taking advantage of  the latest tax breaks- including deductions for student loans, and planning  your long range savings program.  In addition, there are details on car  leases, credit reports, mutual funds, and more.  A wealth of information  available for less than 12 bucks.  Highly recommended. A great gift.	2000-08-09
A Beautiful Book To Be Enjoyed By Smoking Collectible FANS!	This beautiful 202 page 8 x 11&quot; softbound book has been revised with  1999 prices.  There are 100's of large, sharp, beautiful full color and  black and white photos.  An introduction to smoking and its collectibles is  provided.  Topics range from Meerschaum pipes, ashtrays, punchboards,  worlds fair and sheet music to match items, rollers, novelties, disposable  lighters and pipe rests.  Many full color photos of tin cigarette boxes,  hard pack cigarettes, soft packs, cardboard boxes and sample packs are  provided.  A very interesting and useful up-do-date reference.	2000-08-07
Comprehensive Updated Guide To Old Tools and Locks	This 1999 8 x 11&quot; 290 page 7th edition contains 1000's of black and  white pictures.  Major topics range from wood and metal axes, hatchets,  blacksmith, wrenches, railroad track, saws, levels, screwdrivers to farm  tools.  There is a very large section devoted to locks, keys and closures.  Many original old catalog pages are included.  The book is completely  indexed for ease of use.  A very useful reference work for this popular  collectible.	2000-08-07
A Toy Collector's Delight !!	The 8 x 11&quot; softbound paperback has 352 pages and 1,300 very large,  sharp, full color photos of every type of toy.  A very complete table of  contents is provided for ease in locating items.  1996-7 prices. Many toys  are shown with their original packaging or boxes.  There are 64 topics from  friction, station wagons, taxis, wind-up, remote, dump truck, gas station  sets to military, aircraft, trains and trolleys, circus and Disney, robots,  space, panorama display sets and much more.  A beautiful useful reference  work.	2000-08-07
One Of The Few Books Devoted To Antique Letter Openers !!	This 143 page softbound volume has over 500 full color pictures of every  type of advertising and figural letter opener.  There is a brief  introduction to the collectible.  1996 prices are shown. Major categories  include intricate figural, sterling/silver plated, bone/ivory, wooden,  plastic/celluloid/bakelite, sword, dagger, bronze/brass/copper,  steel/tin/aluminum, pen-sized, soouvenir and dual purpose.  Each item is  described, and its size specified.  Very handy 5 x 8&quot; size to keep  with you when antiquing.	2000-08-07
A Great Resource For The Flashlight Collector !!	This 142 page 5 x 8&quot; paperback book is handy for taking with you when  antiquing for flashlights and related collectibles.  It features hundreds  of large, sharp, full color photos.  1995 values are provided.  There is an  introduction to the collectible.  Many full color catalog and magazine ads,  some dating back to 1914 are included and most interesting.  There are  numerous boxes, displays and packages, in addition to every type of  flashlight shown in full color.  A great resource.	2000-08-07
A Virtual Encyclopedia For Toy and Bank Collectors	The 208 page, 8 x 11&quot; softbound book contains thousands of good black  and white pictures and numerous old catalog pages with tons of interesting  and useful information.  Some catalogs go back to the early 1900s.  Major  topics include tin and heavy guage, cast iron, banks, boxed games,  composition animals and bell toys.  There is a complete index with prices  ('94-'95).  A very useful and interesting reference work.	2000-08-07
A Gorgeous Reference Work To Delight Bike Enthusiasts !!	This is the 2nd volume in the series.  The 8 x 11&quot; softbound book  contains 238 pages with 100's of full color, sharp photos.  Each item is  dated.  Pricing is 1994-5. There are numerous old bike ads and picture  postcards with large photos.  Many bike references and dealers are  included.  A great reference work you'll enjoy and use.	2000-08-07
Beautiful and Useful Guide for Tape Measure Collectors !!	A 127 page 5 x 8&quot; paper back book loaded with nearly 800 full color,  sharp actual size photos.  1995 values are shown.  There is interesting  illustrated information on the detailed construction of a tape measure and  how it works.  A brief introduction to the collectible is included.  The  volume covers advertising, figural, ornamental and other tape measures.  A  condition guide is provided.  A great reference for collectors of tape  measures.	2000-08-07
Enjoy &quot;The Other Side and Back?&quot;  You'll Enjoy This too !	After reading, enjoying and writing my review of  Sylvia Browne's &quot;The Other Side and Back&quot; for Amazon.com, I was inspired to read  this book.  Her 249 page book details her interesting life and her special  gift of prophecy.  She describes what a psychic is, and how her life  revolves around this special God given &quot;gift.&quot;  This is a gift  that doesn't really make one's life easier.  She tells about how her gift  has helped her advise police departments searching for missing persons and  criminals, and how some of her predictions helped others avoid dangerous  situations.  She also struggles with tragedies that she warned about, which  resulted in deaths when her warnings were ignored.  This book may bring  comfort to believers (and some skeptics) and clarify their thinking about  the present and the future.  The book's 15 chapters include:  A Psychic in  Love, Growing Pains, Following the Blueprint, The Other Side, Haunting  Expressions, Why Am I Here, Medicine and the Medium, and more.  It's a very  interesting read, and you might find yourself going back and reading some  sections again in the future.  It is thought provoking, even if you're a  non-believer.  The work may even make a believer of you!  Whether or not  you believe in psychics, knowledge is power, and you can only gain with  this knowledge. Worth reading. I found it well worth the $ 10.36 price.	2000-08-03
The Most Comprehensive Guide To American Games	A super 352 page softbound volume with more than 400 large, full color, sharp photos and over 500 black and white pix.  The comprehensive work lists and values 9,000 + games.  The back of the book has over 100 pages of  color shots of the games.  Dates range from 1744 to the present!  Major  topics range from Games Thru The Ages, to Golden Age, Silver Age, Modern  Age, Simulation Games, Role Playing Games, Card Collecting Games and much  more.  There is a most comprehensive listing of games by category, making  it easy to locate items.  Prices are year 2000.  An outstanding work.  Add  it to your collectibles library.  Toy and game, or Americana enthusiasts  will refer to it often.	2000-07-31
Delightful Guide To Beatles Memorabilia	This 225 page softbound volume (3rd edition) contains a wealth of information for the Beatles fan.  It covers every type of Beatles collectible.  Major topics range from Yellow Submarine, Pinback Buttons,  Pennants and Books to Movie Items, Record Promo Items, Fan Club Items,  Trading Cards and concert items.  Scores of items are pictured in full  color and black and white.  Each item is described in detail.  There is  even info on reproductions and counterfeits.  Everything is priced,  although prices are from 1997.  Every Beatles fan, collector or not will  enjoy this great compendium.  Add it to your collection.	2000-07-31
Important Next Step After Reading Rich Dad, Poor Dad !	The new 272 page book is packed with concrete information and food for thought to help you move from employee to employer - investor.  It answers many of the &quot;whys&quot; and gives you the steps to succeed in the  &quot;new business world.&quot;  You'll learn that you must have your money  working for you, to attain financial success, and shows you the difference  between taking appropriate risks and risky ventures.  You'll be provided  with the 7 steps to help you transition from employee to employer-investor.  Much of the material is just plain old common sense.  You won't find info  on getting rich quick schemes that usually lead to failure.  The book will  help you get motivated into action.  If you're getting ready to make a  serious attempt to improve your financial security, this book has a wealth  of information to put you on the right road to success.	2000-07-29
An Eye Opener As To Where The Wealth Really Comes From !	It was very interesting to learn that most of the wealthy actually worked for it or were smart enough to earn it on their own.  We usually think that most of these folks received the big money on a silver platter.  This 272  page books provides a real blueprint for financial success.  It is even  entertaining to read.  The authors show you that anyone with a reasonable  amount of smarts can gain their financial fortune if they play their cards  right. Not only do they put the reader in the right frame of mind to get  their fortune, but they pave the wave for doing so.  It's loaded with  useful, eye opening facts that everyone can use.  Read it and share it with  your youngsters.  You'll all gain. A real winner!	2000-07-28
A Great Book That Can Be An Inspiration To Us All !	Here is truly a story that can inspire everyone regardless the hopelessness of their situation.  I was held spellbound by this story and the way it was told.  I could personally relate to it well, as my 28 year  old son-in-law was faced with a similar situation and survived and  succeeded against all odds.  He was striken with a yet unknown illness that  kept him on life support for an extended period, with little hope from the  doctors for a successful recovery.  As pointed out by Lance in his book,  you should never give up.  Give it all you've got and you will succeed.  This book is a must read for all those with major problems and certainly  for those without the problems, but feel depressed by minor issues that  keep them from overcoming them to greater success.  It is a well written  work, full of enthusiasm, emotion, the will to survive and prosper and  inspiration.  Read it and share it with others.  We'll all benefit with a  better life.	2000-07-27
A Book That REALLY Can Help Us Have Better Looking Skin !	This brand new, year 2000, 208 page book can really unlock the secret of having more youthful skin.  Written by an acknowledged authority on the subject, he shows you that wrinkles do not have to be part of the aging  process.  His skin care technology has been proven to work through  appropriately conducted and monitored clinical studies.  He points out that  plastic surgery isn't the only way to get rid of wrinkles.  You'll learn  exactly how and why your skin ages, how to determine and care for your type  of skin, ethnicity and skin tone.  Dr. Perricone shows you how and why each  part of his method works.  You might be surprised to learn that vitamin C  can help get rid of wrinkles and fine lines.  He shows you how to get an  instant face lift, improve sagging skin, remove under-eye bags, firm your  neck lines and get fuller lips.  He does promote his line of products, but  also informs about other products as well.  I found the book easy to read,  very complete, and full of information we can all benefit from.  Unlike  many other books on this popular topic, Dr. Perricone has the credentials  to back up his statements.  Very worth while.	2000-07-26
Truly The 100 Greatest Baby Boomer Toys !	This 208 page, softbound walk-through-the-past volume features 250 full color, very large, sharp photos that are a joy to behold.  I enjoyed looking at the photos and reading each comprehensive write-up.  A real  memory jogger.  I was quite surprised at the number of these things I  actually owned as a child, and welcomed seeing them again in life-like  color.  Even many of the boxes are shown.  There's plenty of interesting  text accompanying the photos and year 2000 values.  The toys run from Easy  Bake Ovens, Slinky, Cootie, Thingmakers, Lincoln Logs, and Spirographs to  Tootsietoys, Monster Kits, Pez, Colorforms, Life-Size Kitchens, Gilbert,  Renwal Doll Stuff and Captain Kangaroo.  You'll really enjoy seeing some of  these toys you haven't thought of in years.  I have many books on baby  boomer collectibles, and this one ranks among the best.  Get it and enjoy  !	2000-07-26
The Ultimate Book For Teapot Lovers !	A gorgeous 208 page softbound volume containing more than 400 large, full color, sharp photos.  A joy for the teapot collector.  In addition to the great photos and descriptions, year 2000 values are provided.  Just a few  of the topics covered are Teapots as An Investment, Striking the Right  Deal, Starting a Collection, What to Watch For, Condition, Marks, Exhibit  and more.  The type of teapots covered range from advertising, souvenir and  commemorative, children's, fine china, floral, glass and holiday, to music  box, novelty, porcelain and pottery.  Each topic is completely covered.  There is plenty of information in the &quot;Collector's Guidelines&quot;  section. A beautiful and useful reference work, worthy of every collector's  library.  You'll refer to it often.	2000-07-26
A First Class Volume On Country Americana !	This 432 page, softbound, 6 x 9&quot; year 2000 book is really handy to keep with you as a reference guide when you antique.  There are about 50 full color and 1000 black and white photos.  Year 2000 values are provided.  In addition to articles on investing in antiques, major topics range from  baskets, butter molds and stamps, cash registers, chalkware and decoys to  kitchenwares, laundry room, lightning rod balls, shaker items, tobacciana  and writing accessories.  Each topic is comprehensively covered, and  individual items contain enough detail for easy item identification.  It is  truly one of the most comprehensive and in-depth price guides ever  published on these important cultural artifacts.  You'll refer to it often.	2000-07-26
A Five Star Classic By A World Class Motivator !	I listened to the audio tape version of this latest work by Steve Chandler and found it to contain so much important information that I listened to the 3 hour tape twice.  Mr. Chandler personally reads his book to you in a  very calm, informed, understanding manner.  Very easy to listen to.  The  lies each of us tell ourselves on a daily basis prevent us from getting the  most from our lives. Steve really knows these lies, because he lived most  of them and was able to overcome them.  He helps us understand what we must  do to overcome the common lies and misconceptions and to be happier and  successful.  There's nothing difficult in what he recommends.  It's all  stuff we know, but never really zero in on these lies and therefore fail to  attain our goals. He shows us how we can overcome the lies to raise our  self-esteem, how we avoid taking action, and how we allow people to take  advantage of us and make us mad.  The many examples he provides hit home,  at least for me.  Mr. Chandler doesn't preach to you, but simply states the  facts and gives examples of everyday situations that keep us from achieving  our potential.  The information presented is simple enough for everyone to  understand.  The moment he gives an example, you can instantly relate to  similar things that happened in your own life.  Everyone can benefit from  this work, from teenagers to old timers.  Well worth the time.  Try it.	2000-07-26
Fiction That Makes You Want To Check Your Insurance Policy !	This new 232 page novel is really quite interesting.  It is written by two veteran investigators under a pseudonym.  I found it to be a real thriller, as a crime fighter battles insurance industry corruption.  The insurance  agent thinks that he has found the perfect crime and goes to any length  (including murders  made to look like accidents) to get his share of the  insurance loot.  &quot;Death Benefit&quot; is written in an easy to read  narrative style that lets you examine the minds of both the cat and the  mouse.  Not only is this work of fiction interesting, but it can encourage  you to look at your own real life insurance policies and your dealing with  insurance agents.  Well worth the reading.	2000-07-26
To Collect Celebrity Autographs You'll Need This Book !	This 352 page step-by-step guide to celebrity authographs contains everything you'll need to know to enjoy this hobby.  There are more than 950 black and white photos of celebrities with their autographs, and more  than 7,000 listings and updated addresses of celebrities.  Simple, detailed  instructions show you exactly where to write, how to write and who not to  waste your time on.  Each celebrity is rated, as to their responsiveness to  requests.  An absolute necessity to succeed in this hobby.  It will save  you much time, energy, and postage and help you develop an enjoyable, and  valuable, collection.  There's even a list of winners and losers from 1996  to 2000 and the top ten best and worst signers.  Contains a wealth of  information.  Add it to your library.	2000-07-26
The Ultimate Guide to Heisey Collectible Glass !	This super 176 page, softbound volume is loaded with more than 300 large, full color photos and 50 black and white photos.  All of the items are identified by number, including mold dates,pattern origins, and up-to-date,  year 2000 market values.  There is a wealth of interesting and useful  information to meet the needs of the novice and experienced collector.  Every pattern is so clearly shown in amazing detail, even hard to  photograph clear glassware.  You'll learn who A. H. Heisey was, the classes  of glass, buying glass, care of glass, as well as Victorian Patterns,  Bands, Grooves and Panels, Evolution of Style, Novelties and Rarities.  There's a glossary of terms and much more.  Heisey Glass collectors will  really enjoy and refer to this book often.	2000-07-26
Want To Find Out What &quot;The Other Side&quot; Is Like ?	I read with fascination, popular psychic Sylvia Browne's new 304 page book that she says tells all about life after death.  The entire first chapter details her life and the lives of her ancestors as they relate to the  spirit world.  She goes into detail about HOW she knows what she knows. For  some reason, I tend to believe what she says!  Sylvia writes, that through  this book she is acting as our &quot;psychic travel agent&quot; answering  the five basic questions, &quot;How do I get there?&quot;, &quot;What does  it look like?&quot;, &quot;What are the local (people) like?&quot;,  &quot;What is there to do?&quot; and &quot;How exactly do I get back.&quot;  Things that most of us would be &quot;dying&quot; to know.  I have seen  Sylvia on TV many times, and find her fascinating.  This is a hard book to  put down after you start reading.  There's an awful lot of  &quot;facts&quot; she provides for us to consider.  It left me with a  peaceful feeling about the hereafter.  She believes that &quot;The Other  Side&quot; is Home, where we all came from and where we will all go again,  and that we carry very real memories of it in our spirit minds.  She has  researched her topics with an addiction, as she claims to be extremely  naturally skeptical.  She also claims that just as some folks have a  God-given musical or artistic talent, others have received a psychic gift  which is passed on from generation to generation. Whether or not you end up  believing what she writes, you can't help but come away with food for  thought.  Most interesting !	2000-07-26
The Book That Shows You It's Not Impossible To Cook Healthy	I'm not really much of a cook, but I found this new 384 page book interesting to read and I gained significant knowledge on cooking and eating healthy.  My wife found the 200 recipes easy to understand and  promises to try a good many of them.  Many of the recipes are dairy-free  and sugar-free (collected from major chefs all over the world).  There's no  question in my mind that by using even a few of her recipes and suggestions  you can improve your overall health and still enjoy eating a variety of  meals.  You'll learn that by using a few easy steps, you can have a  &quot;health factory&quot; right in your home that will benefit your entire  family.  Even the kids will enjoy many of the healthful dishes that can be  easily prepared.  You'll learn how to choose the healthiest brands and  products and the best ways to prepare foods for maximum benefit.  As a  bonus, she shows you what harmful chemicals and preservatives that you'll  immediately find in your own kitchen.  This year 2000 book is really up to  date when it comes to the current thinking on family food and nutrition.  Everyone can gain at least something from this new book.  Add it to your  cook book and health book library.  Your whole family will thank you.	2000-07-25
A Film and TV Animal Star Collectibles Delight!	This softcover 208 page volume has more than 300 large, sharp, full color photos and over 150 black and white photos.  This is the first book to pay tribute to the animal stars we all remember and continue to enjoy.  There's  plenty of background information about each &quot;star.&quot;  Major topics  include Rin Tin Tin, Lassie, Silver, Smokey the Bear, Flipper, Benjii,  Babe, Wishbone and all of the great Disney animal stars.  Every type of  animal star collectible is shown, described and priced, including books,  records, ads, pins, movie posters, lunch boxes, toys, stuffed animals,  clothing, trays, cameras, etc, etc, etc.  You'll be amazed at the number of  items that were made.  If you're interested in this topic, add the book to  your library.  A delightful and useful memory jogger and collector's aid.	2000-07-11
A Hard To Beat Starting Lineup Reference Work !	An outstanding reference for Starting Lineup fans. This softbound book contains 192 pages with more than 2,000 full color sharp photos of this popular collectible.  There is a one page overview of all U.S. issued  Kenner sets on every American released figure.  In addition to the photos  and prices there is adequate text covering each topic.  Major topics range  from Introduction, Baseball, Basketball, Football, Hockey, to Multi-Sport;  and a complete index for easy reference.  Each figure is shown with the  original card or box packaging.  A book that you'll refer to often.  Add it  to your library.	2000-07-11
This Book WILL Help You Get Organized !	This currently popular 262 page softbound volume really can help ANYONE become better organized for a better life.  This was recommended to me by a friend, but I was doubtful that it could help.  The other books I read on  this subject didn't do the job for me.  I was pleasantly surprised that by  followingMs. Morgenstern's recommendations I really am able to put some  organization into the clutter that I've learned to live with.  She explains  systems to use, without the need for all of the store bought gadgets I've  tried in the past.  By following her simple steps you really CAN get your  stuff in order and become more productive with better use of your time.  Her Three Step System is useful at home or work, and can be used by anyone,  regardless of their level of clutter.  The time frames that she presents  helps you get started and motivated to carry the tips on to completion.  You'll learn why you feel disorganized and why now is the time to act to  aleviate it once and for all.  It's probably not your fault that you've  always been disorganized.  All you really need is the expert advice offered  in this book to get you onto a better more organized work and home life.  Her simple philosophy is SPACE.  Mainly sort, purge, assign a home,  containerize, equalize.  No magic or gimicks, just sound, tried and tested  advice.  Well worth reading.	2000-06-27
Can This Book Save Your Life ?	I found this 192 page paperback book quite interesting, but I'm not sure that it would be of real value to me. I learned some things about the myriad of perils that could befall a human, BUT will I remember the facts  if one of these tragedies occurs to me sometime in the future.  I probably  would not have the book with me and handy at that moment, and I probably  wouldn't have the presence of mind to check the book if I had to jump from  a moving car or was being charged by a bull !  Many copies of this book  have been sold, so apparently some folks think they'll benefit by it.  Examples of perils include how to wrestle free from an alligator, excaping  a killer bee attack and performing a tracheotomy.  The 40 + worst-case  scenarios to survive could help you survive, but Lord help me if I had to  remember what to do if they did occur.  The book is worth looking at,  especially for those readers who are frequently exposed to dangerous  situations.	2000-06-27
A Monkees Fans Delight !	If you enjoyed The Monkees you can't miss with this 208 page, softbound volume that contains more than 400 large, sharp, full color photos of every type of The Monkees collectible.  More than 600 items are documented and  priced for the period 1966 to 1972.  Pre-Monkees items involving individual  band members are included.  Topics range from The Monkees history, books,  magazines, music, fan clubs, trading cards, concert items, movies and  counterfeit items.  There is sufficient text included that is interesting  and informative.  If you were a Monkees fan you'll enjoy reliving times  past.  A super book you'll enjoy.  Add it to your library.	2000-06-26
A Terrific Guide To Making Gingerbread Houses !	This wonderful 208 page soft bound book has more than 220 full color, large sharp photos.  It provides you with all of the information you'll need to create one-of-a-kind gingerbread houses that will be real treaures.  Everything is very detailed and pictured to assure your success.  A very  complete index helps you locate the information you want.  Topics range  from making and designing the houses to lighting the finished product.  Many of the houses are shown in full page, full color photos.  The  materials and supplies needed for each house is clearly stated and every  step along the way is numbered.  A can't miss success formula.  A book  you'll enjoy and use for years to come.  Enjoy, enjoy !	2000-06-26
A Beatles Fans Memorabilia Must Have !	This 240 page, softbound 3rd edition has more than 400 full color and over 400 large, sharp photos covering more than 1,500 Beatles collectibles.  Many of these items were not previously documented.  There are more than  300 new items from the previous editions of this book.  You'll find plenty  of text accompanying the pictures, descriptions and values.  Topics range  from Yellow Submarine, pinback buttons, books, magazines, sheet music,  record promotion, trading cards, to fan club items, concert tickets,  original ads and how to identify repro and counterfeit items.  A treasure  trove of information and a joy to browse.  Every Beatles fan will enjoy !	2000-06-26
An Outstanding Walt Disney Recordings Reference !	This softbound 256 page book is a handy 6 x 9&quot; making it convenient to take with you as you antique.  It contains more than 250 full color, sharp photos of album covers and recordings.  This is the first comprehensive price guide and discography covering the complete output of  Disney recorded music on both Disney and other labels.  It covers the years  1933 to 1988 and is very complete.  There is a useful table of contents and  index making it easy to locate items.  A history and condition guide is  provided.  Topics range from LPs, 45's, 78's to Little Golden Records.  You  can't collect items of this topic without this guide. Add it to your  library.	2000-06-26
A Monkees Fans Delight !	If you enjoyed The Monkees you can't miss with this 208 page, softbound volume that contains more than 400 large, sharp, full color photos of every type of The Monkees collectible.  More than 600 items are documented and  priced for the period 1966 to 1972.  Pre-Monkees items involving individual  band members are included.  Topics range from The Monkees history, books,  magazines, music, fan clubs, trading cards, concert items, movies and  counterfeit items.  There is sufficient text included that is interesting  and informative.  If you were a Monkees fan you'll enjoy reliving times  past.  A super book you'll enjoy.  Add it to your library.	2000-06-26
The Males In Your Life Are Owed The Reading Of This Book	A great, brand new 224 page book that is a real eye opener regarding the males in everyone's life. Psychologist Bill Pollack spent much time and effort interviewing boys and young men all across the country to get them  to open up about all of the important things in their lives.  Topics range  from drugs, sex, sports, violence, ambition, school, parents, girls,  pressures, addictions, how they see the lives of the men they know,  importance of their parents, spirituality, friendships, being gay, coping  with divorce and other losses, and death.  WOW !  The authors found that  the boys were anxious to talk about their experiences, but needed someone  to listen to them.  The reader will learn the confusions and fears of the  boys, and what haunts them at home, school, work, and play.  You'll learn  how to get the boys to talk.  This alone is worth the price of the book and  the reading time.  The tremendous pressures put on boys is explored.  Many  boys are crying out to be heard and understood, but the listeners are  lacking, and they're afraid to open up.  Readers will have a much better  understanding of ALL of their male relatives, contacts and associates (not  just young boys).  Well worth reading.  It can help you understand what  goes on in the minds of all of the men around you, and improve your  relationships with them.	2000-06-10
An Eye Opener As To What Makes Things Happen !	A very interesting read that will help you find out why things happen in your everyday life, personal, business and entertainment.  You'll find out how very small changes in anything can affect its popularity.  Everything  in this book is spelled out very clearly.  You'll learn the buzz words and  terminology that can be used to explain things that happen in the fields of  medicine, culture and social activities. The author emphasizes what makes  things click, why ideas spread and what makes them stick.  Some of the  major topics include:  Three Rules of Epidemics, The Stickiness Factor,  The Power of Context, and numerous case studies.  You will learn how to  apply the basic concepts to help you reach a Tipping Point in virtually all  of your activities. I love books that guide provide the reader with  personal improvement methods, leading to a better life.  This book helped  me see that &quot;little things mean a lot.&quot;  Some of these concepts  can help everyone.  Very informative.	2000-06-09
Volume II of the Popular Guide to Glass Collecting	This interesting new 282 page softbound volume's major topics include:  Stemware, Decorations and Decorative Accessories.  It features more than 800 nice black and white photos (and some in full color), and year 2,000  values.  You'll find animals, knops, nudes, sculptured and twist stemware,  baskets, birds, flowers, and wheat decorations, and candlesticks, candy  jars, figurines, vases, smoking items and much more pictured, described and  priced.  A complete index permits easy location of the items. There's  plenty of informative text about each topic.  Also included are many  illustrations of original catalog pages. Collectors are sure to use this  book often.	2000-06-08
Bringing Your Dreams Into Reality	This new 272 page road map could be one of the best ways to bring your hopes and dreams into being.  Lucia has much experience in the &quot;artistic design&quot; area and translates this skill, knowledge and  experience into useful everyday methods to help us get what we want out of  life.  She leads the way to help us turn our ideas into reality.  You'll  learn how to chose a theme, gather the images, find order in the chaos,  commit your vision to paper and glue, get feedback from others, dwell on  your vision, get help to implement the plan and celebrate your final  result. She offers detailed methods and exercises to help you work through  this process, step by step.  Some of her methods can provide you with  amazing results.  A knowledge of art or abilities as an artist are not  important.  She'll help you bring your latent art talents into useful  actions to help you get what you want out of life. A very intersting, fun  read that everyone can benefit from.	2000-06-08
A Gorgeous Volume Of Classic Coke Calendars 1890 - 1970	This new hardbound 176 page beauty of a library volume with colorful plastic laminated covers features 125 full color and 20 black and white very large, sharp photos of these gems.  Its loaded with information  including:  Development of early printing and advertising, role of  promotional materials in the early years of the Coca-Cola Company,  Distributor Calendars, Bottler Calendars, Foreign Calendars, Home and  Reference Calendars.  A complete Guide For Collectors tells you what to  collect, preservation and display of early calendars, protecting,  restoration info, and a very complete grading guide.  1999 values are shown  in 3 grades.  A really beautiful and unique new reference that belongs in  the collector's library.	2000-06-07
The Famed Dr. Weil Offers His Ideas on Spontaneous Healing	In these 352 pages, the renowned Andrew Weil, M.D. offers you his theories on spontaneous healing.  He helps you examine the body's ability to heal itself naturally, and clearly explains how the body performs  self-diagnosis, self-repair, and self-regeneration.  He walks you through  the natural ways to cure disease, covering areas from acupuncture to  biofeedback, herbal medicine and more.  You'll learn how to help your body  maintain its healthiest state.  There is data on your diet, the outside  environment, exercise, reducing stress, and vitamins and food supplements.   He tells you how to build-up your body through the use of the proper diet,  vitamins and supplements, excercise, mind and body techniques.  He  discusses actual case histories and methods from throughout the world.   Included is an eight-week program to help your body heal itself and ward  off disease.  All of the information is presented in easy to understand  language.  He discusses how the mechanisms of self-diagnosis and  self-regeneration have worked in practice (not just theory) to resolve  live-threatening diseases, trauma, and chronic pain.  Dr. Weil notes that  the best medicine works with the body's natural defenses to overcome  illness, and not just to reduce symptoms or cure infection.  A very useful  book, one that can really improve our health and well being.	2000-06-06
5 Star Rating For A Really Great Better Life Coaching Job !	This 272 guide to a better life kept me spellbound from the moment I started reading.  It is an easy-read book loaded to the gills with interesting information, excercises, and anecdotes that help you get the  most from the coaching.  Much of the &quot;stuff&quot; presented can be  immediately put to use by nearly every reader that's willing to try it.  Cheryl helps you tackle some of life's most trying problems.  The book is  loaded with many checklists, resources and to-do's, in addition to just  great useful information.  She acts as your coach to guide you, something  we all need from time to time.  Cheryl will help you change your life,  whatever your current position, help you raise a family, and relieve some  of life's many stresses. She presents her &quot;Seven Common  Obstacles&quot; that from her actual experience, prevent all of us from  living the lives we want, and helps us overcome them.  Where else can you  get a coach for $ 16.10 that you'll be able to consult over and over ?	2000-06-05
This Could Offer THE Way To Make It In Today's Stock Market	This new 256 guide book to &quot;Change Wave Investing&quot; could hold the secrets to making real wealth in today's market.  Tobin offers his 6 keys to picking stocks, and the 3 critical mistakes most of us make that  keep us from market success (along with how to avoid them). He helps us  survive market &quot;melt-downs.&quot;  Also included is your own  &quot;personal prosperity plan&quot; for profiting in today's market.  Some  of the points take some concentration to understand, but it's worth the  try.  He shows you that with the information provided, the odds of success  are in your favor.  Every type of investor can benefit from the ChangeWave  Investing Method, whether you're the traditional investor, professional,  mutual fund buyer, or a new investor just getting your feet wet (and  sometimes your pocket picked).  Mr. Smith believes that now is the time to  be part of the market, even if you never were part in the past.  He notes  that his stock picking model has delivered over 150 % annual gains since  1995.  He says that this method combines a proven stock-picking model with  a new investment research &quot;operating system&quot; known as &quot;open  source investing,&quot; and the protocol should be considered as a software  program or application.  Can most investors perform all of the stock  research they need for successful portfolios? Obviously not.  Mr. Smith  says that every person can get what they need by &quot;booting up the open  source investing 'operating system' and launching the ChangeWave investing  model.&quot; He believes that the potential rewards available today, far  outweigh the risks of sitting on the sidelines.  It's sure worth a try.  I  intend to.	2000-06-05
Some Of The Best Advice If You're In a Problem Relationship	Everyone with a relationship problem can benefit from the concrete, authoritative help offered by this brand new 272 page book.  Dr. McGraw offers 7 specific tips for getting relationships back on track.  He gives  you the 10 most popular relationship myths, along with the appropriate  action steps to get you and your partner on the right track.  His advice is  straight forward, no beating about the bush to make you feel better.  His  &quot;Relationship Health Profile&quot; contains 62 true or false  questions, covering every aspect of a relationship, and provides a score so  you can quickly and honestly see the health of your relationship.  He  offers a 10 part &quot;Relationship Behavior Profile,&quot; (for you and  for your partner) to help you find out why you feel the way you do about  your partner.  Throughout the book, Phil stresses that &quot;fixing a  relationship means a lot more than fixing your partner!&quot;  You'll learn  that each person must own up to his or her part of the problem, and that we  teach our partners how to treat us - or how to continue treating us - by  the way we respond.  I found the book to contain sound advice, and there  are somethings you won't want to hear about yourself. A Must Read for  anyone with a relationship problem.  For $ 16.06 you can only benefit !	2000-06-04
Can Soy Really Improve Your Health ?	Author Barry Sears makes it known that he believes that soy can improve your health and reduce your weight, so much so that he modified his famous and very popular &quot;Zone Diet&quot; to include a significant amount of  SOY.  &quot;The Soy Zone&quot; is a brand new book and is already getting a  lot of press and attention.  I am interested in getting as much information  about the value of soy, not so much from a weight loss standpoint, but for  overall improvement in health and for disease prevention. The author makes  some good points regarding soy's value that appear to be valid.  Much of  the current literature (professional and lay) point out soy's benefits for  better health.  Mr. Sears provides  many interesting recipes (in color)  from top chefs around the world that look tempting, and are worth trying.  He promises readers that those who follow his diet will think better, feel  more energized, look better, experience fewer sugar cravings and lose  weight after a few short weeks on his diet.  Only time will tell how valid  this is.  This book's worth reading, at least to learn the values of soy in  your diet.	2000-06-02
Five Star Method To Help All Of Us Be Financial Winners !	This brand new 300 page course can be the path to wealth for everyone, not just the big money folks. Robert leads us down the path of wealth, without regard to where we currently stand financially.  He provides the basic  steps and tools, shows exactly how simple it is to attain wealth, with a  minimum of effort, only discipline.  He covers retirement, low-risk  methods, big consistent gains, and provides great ideas in easy to  understand language.  There's even info on the best tax shelters for you.  His &quot;Money Tree Formula&quot; shows how to create lifelong streams of  cash flow, simply.  He emphasizes that &quot;every dollar bill is a money  seed,&quot; helping you realize the value of each single dollar in  attaining financial success.  Simple to follow charts and worksheets show  you the facts and help you plan and track your financial success.  Mr.  Allen says &quot;divert a few of your ill-spent dollars and funnel them  into some well-timed investments, you can achieve financial success.&quot;  You'll learn the really simple &quot;key&quot; that we generally ignore as  we look for the golden goose.  I completely agree with his premise that  &quot;procrastination is expensive.&quot;  This is probably the main reason  most of us never attain real financial success.  One of the best books on  gaining wealth that I have read.  I intend to put his theories into  practice.  Consider doing the same.  A great idea book.	2000-06-02
The Famed Dr. Weil Offers His Ideas on Spontaneous Healing	In these 352 pages, the renowned Andrew Weil, M.D. offers you his theories  on spontaneous healing.  He helps you examine the body's ability to heal  itself naturally, and clearly explains how the body performs  self-diagnosis, self-repair, and self-regeneration.  He walks you through  the natural, ways to cure disease, covering areas from acupuncture to  biofeedback, herbal medicine and more.  You'll learn how to help your body  maintain its healthiest state.  There is data on your diet, the outside  environment, exercise, reducing stress, and vitamins and food supplements.  He tells you how to build-up your body through the use of the proper diet,  vitamins and supplements, exercise, mind and body techniques.  He discusses  actual case histories and methods from throughout the world.  Included is  an eight-week program to help your body heal itself and ward off disease.  All of the information is presented in easy to understand language.  He  discusses how the mechanisms of self-diagnosis and self-regeneration have  worked in practice (not just theory) to resolve life-threatening diseases,  trauma, and chronic pain. He notes that the best medicine works with the  body's natural defenses to overcome illness, and not just to reduce  symptoms or cure infection. A very useful book, one that can really improve  your health and well being.	2000-06-02
The health Guru gives you the scoop on vitamins and minerals	In this 83 page book, health guru Andrew Weil, M.D. offers his expert advice and guidance to help you remain healthy and fight off illness with the help of selected vitamins, minerals, and herbs.  He sets the record  straight regarding multivitamins and minerals, Vitamin B12, herbal  remedies, antioxidants and other products that are in vogue today.  Dr.  Weil helps you get on the best road to recovery from sickness and/or  improve your overall health.  There's an awful lot of valuable information  and advice in this little book.  It's certainly worth the price and the  quick read.  I find myself referring to it often. It's a great companion to  his other books.	2000-06-02
A Real Winner For 50's Cereal Box Collectors	This 216 page softbound volume features over 500 very large, very sharp, full color photos that you'll love.  The book provides a good background for this collectible.  It covers boxes, premiums, mail-in offers and more.  Everything is arranged by year.  I especially liked all of the offers that  the cereal companies provided in the 50's.  Brought back many memories.  I  wish I still had some of the goodies shown that I had at that time. A real  memory jogger.  A true bonanza worth adding to your collection.	2000-06-01
A Handy Guide For Beer Can Hunters	This 157 page, softbound 5 x 8&quot; book is handy to keep with you as you look for beer cans to add to your collection.  There are nearly 6,000 full color pictures in this book and thousands more listed !  It covers the period 1932 to 1975. A glossary of terms is provided, and information about  can condition.  It includes half gallon cans, cone tops, and new finds.  Every beer can collector will find this a great reference to keep handy.  Values are 1995.	2000-06-01
A Fun Guide To Modern Banks	This beautiful 160 page softbound book features 100's of full color pictures of every type of modern bank.  Topics include, Advertising Character, Historical and Patriotic, Holiday Characters, Movie Characters  and Celebrities, Prime Time TV, Comic Book, Disney, Hanna Barbera, Warner  Brothers and more.  A complete alphabetical index makes item location easy.  There is a brief introduction to the collectible.  Prices are 1997 values.  Useful reference.	2000-06-01
One Of The Best Coca Cola Toy Truck Books Around !	Beautiful 240 page, hardbound library volume with laminated color covers.  Contains more than 500 very large, full color, sharp life-like photos, each with the value (1995).  Gorgeous photos of the trucks and in many cases,  their original boxes.  Major topics include Metalcraft, Smith-Miller, Buddy  &quot;L&quot;, Marx, North America, Europe, Japan and Asia, Modern Era /  New Logo, Collectors' Editions, Racing Cars, Model Kits, Fantasy, Trains  and Trolleys, and more.  Model years run from 1931 to the 1980s.  You'll  find toy Coke trucks from all over the world.  A very useful reference and  a great volume to browse through.	2000-06-01
A Cartoon and Promotional Drinking Glass Collectors Delight	Softbound, 176 page book with updated 1999 values. This reference contains over 3,000 black and white pictures.  Each picture is accompanied by dates, description, and value.  Background information is provided covering  Explanations and Abbreviations, Paint and Glass Restoration and Glass  Condition. A very complete Table of Contents provides quick location of  items desired.  Topics run from Arby's , Archies and Batman, to Kelloggs,  King Kong, McDonalds and Ziggy.  A very useful reference tool for cartoon  and promotional drinking glass collectors.	2000-06-01
Poodle Lovers Will Love This Book !	A beautiful 152 page softbound book with 100's of large, sharp, full color photos of every type of poodle collectible from the 1950's and 60's.  Values are shown (1996).  There is a brief introduction into this  collectible.  Topics range from Kitchen Canines, Poodle Lamps, Spectacled  Pets, Parasol Pooches and Costumed Canines, to Doggie Duds, Sew Man  Poodles, Dogs in Toyland, and Peteena Ads.  Items include toilet paper  dispensers, shower curtains, pins and broaches, cigarette holders,  compacts, greeting cards, and hundreds of other items.  A poodle lovers  must have !	2000-06-01
Classic Plastic Model Kit Collectors Must Have This !	This beautiful softbound book contains over 600 full color, large, sharp, life-like photos in its 352 pages.  Many super photos of the boxes are shown.  A brief introduction to the topic is provided.  Values are included  (1996).  Topics range from Monsters, Space, Historical Figures, Television,  to Freaks, Wild Kingdom, Dinosaurs, Hot Wheels and Gizmos and Gadgets.  The  &quot;Spare Parts&quot; Chapter covers misc. model kits.  Collectors will  delight with the wide-range of kits shown.  Brings back many memories.  Enjoy, enjoy.	2000-06-01
A Fun Guide To Battery Toys (Batteries not included)	This 110 page softbound book features more than 300 full color, sharp, large photos.  A good introduction to the collectible is provided.  Major topics include:  Early Battery Toys, Later Battery Toys, How They Got Here,  Who Made Them, Golden Age, Mortality Rate, Boxes and their value, Rarity  Scale, Care and Repair, Trouble Shooting Guide.  All items are listed  alphabetically for easy reference. There are over 1,600 entries in this  book. Values are shown.  A great reference book.	2000-06-01
A Fun Picture- Price Guide of 50's, 60's &amp; 70's Board Games	A 104 page softbound book, featuring nearly 400 full color, sharp, large photos of the game boxes. Included is an introduction to the collectible.  All games are listed alphabetically. Prices quoted are '94 - '95.  There  are about 700 entries listing the game's name, maker, year, and value.  Very useful, fun to look at, reference book.	2000-06-01
Good Antique Radio Reference Helps You Identify Your Finds	This 248 page softbound volume is the 4th edition of the popular guide.  If features more than 600 full color, sharp photos and covers over 5,000 models.  There is a useful introduction to the collectible, and it provides  basic radio terms and descriptive information.  Everything is listed by  company.  It appears to be a very comprehensive listing, but there are  probably many models that do not appear.  I'm certain no book has every  model of all of the radios made. Items are easily located, and every major  maker is included.  Prices are updated for 1997.  I'm a novice in this area  of collectibles, but it appears to me that the book is quite comprehensive.  It has been of value to me and I'm sure will be to others.	2000-06-01
A Salt Shaker Collectors Delight !	Collectibles books don't get much better than this. This 3rd edition, 312 page hardbound volume with beautiful laminated covers, features more than 850 full color, large, sharp, full color photos throughout.  It provides a  wealth of information, in addition to pictures and prices.  The treasure  covers Historical and Rarities, Interesting company biographies, a large  sectin on repros, look alikes, re-issues and fakes.  A complete pattern  index is included.  Values provided are 1998.  Collectors of salt shakers  will love this book and refer to it often.  A must have for salt shaker  collectors.	2000-06-01
A Beautiful Action Figures Book and Reference	This 2nd edition, 160 page softbound book contains over 400 very large, full color, sharp photos of every type of action figure imagineable.  It covers GI Joe, action figures from other countries, Capt. Action, Ken Doll  and Friends, Marx, including Johnny West, Vikings and Knights, Buddy  Charlie, and Stoney, Kenner, including Boy Scouts and Six Million Dollar  Man, Big Jim, Man from U.N.C.L.E., and much more.  The guide also includes  boxes and accessories. A useful, fun reference for this collectible.  Values shown are 1998.	2000-06-01
A Super Lunch Box and Thermos Collectibles Guide Book	This 218 page, 5 x 8&quot; softbound book is ideal for taking with you when you shop for these collectibles.  It's packed with more than 500 full color, sharp pictures of every type of lunch box and thermos imagineable.  Great photos !  There's not too much informative copy included, but there's  great depth of coverage. At the back of the book there's an Index, Price  Guide, and Inventory section that is very useful.  A Must Have for lunch  box collectors.	2000-06-01
Beautiful I.D. and Value Guide to Ceramic Coin Banks	This 200 page softbound book contains over 1,000 full color, large, sharp photos of every type of ceramic coin bank.  Each entry includes the description, size, dates and value (1997).  Although essentially an I.D.  and value guide, there is a considerable amount of information of value and  interest to the collector.  Included are: Ceramic Manufacturing Processes,  Dating, Condition, Rarity Ratings, Geographical Ceramic Manufacturing  Centers, and Photo Notes.  Chapters range from Human heads, Humans, Cats,  Dogs and Elephants, to Squirrel, Fish, Monkeys, Lions, Vegetables, Pots,  Books, Vehicles and Ships and Purses.  A complete glossary and bibliography  are provided.  Very useful for collectors of this popular topic.	2000-05-31
A Long Awaited Revision of An Investment Classic	This is the new updated edition of the 1993 classic book on investment.  It has been updated to reflect changes in the marketplace.  Many of mysteries of investments are clarified, including stocks, bonds, mutual  funds, futures, options, trends, evaluating companies.  The wealth of  information is provided in easy-to-understand language.  You'll learn how  the various markets work, why stock prices rise and fall, and the basic  facts for you to gain most from the current markets.  The volume features  full color graphics and easy to read and comprehend the material you need.  Current information regarding retirement planning is included.  A great  basic guide, especially for the new investor.  Worth the price. You'll  refer to it often.	2000-05-31
A Real How-To Book To Improve Your Financial Future	With all of the how to make money books around, this one seems to offer some real, concrete information to help everyone take command of their financial resources and to gain wealth for themselves and their families.  Some of the food for thought includes: exploding the myth that you need to  earn a high income to be rich;  challenging the belief that your house is  an asset;  showing parents why they can't rely on the school system to  teach their kids about money; and clarifies assets vs liabilities.  The  author provides a definition of being rich and poor and the fundamental  differences.  It will make you think.  He helps you forget some of the  misinformation you believe in, and tells what we should have learned from  our parents, if they had known it.  The book will make you take a hard look  at where your headed and where you should be headed, education-wise.  His  lessons are simple, easy to read and understand and help you put them into  practice for the good of you and your family. You can only gain, by taking  a look at this book. Well worth reading.	2000-05-31
A story That Only Personal Letters Can Tell !	This book contains the text of actual letters received by Tom Brokaw, in response to his original successful book &quot;The Greatest Generation.&quot;  Letters written by and to soldiers, wives, families and  friends give a first hand account of WW II and great insight into the WW II  generation, as they lived through the depression, went and returned from  battle, and came home often finding that their lives would be changed  forever.  Many of the letters were written at the battlefront, others at  the kitchen table, and paint a true picture of the scene for the reader.   Families of many of the forgotten heros were anxious to pass these gems  kept in old boxes and dresser drawers, on for others to examine.  Readers  will experience a variety of emotions as they peruse these irreplaceable  jewels from love to loss, loneliness to joy.  It doesn't matter if the  reader agrees with how and what took place or doesn't, but every human  being can learn and benefit from the experiences of these people and their  families.  A great reading experience, and one that you won't soon forget.   Read it, and encourage others to do so.	2000-05-22
One of the most important gifts you'll ever give your child!	The knowledge you can gain from this 688 page volume can help your children get the kind of education that will be of value to them for the rest of their lives.  It provides a how-to-do-it guide for getting your  children successfully through the current U.S. educational system, properly  prepared for high school and beyond.  What greater gift can a parent offer  !  You'll discover what a &quot;well educated&quot; child should know, what  our responsibilities as parents are, and covers the major current issues in  our education system.  It not only covers academics, but also all of the  other factors that can affect a child's ability to learn.  Mr. Bennett even  gives us a yardstick to judge the quality of education provided by any  school.  His purpose is to help parents get a good education for their  children from early childhood through the 8th grade.  I believe that he  truly achieves that goal.  He points out what we as parents should stand  for in the school system and what we should not stand for.  The author  points out that the parent is the child's most important teacher, and the  problems with delegating educational responsibilities to others.  The  parent must instill the highest ideals in their children, and a strong  sense of responsibilty to really succeed in school and in life.  He  provides us with the rules for us to establish for our children, to help  them gain the most from their schooling, and how to direct them so they  know how to properly conduct themselves.  Mr. Bennett emphasizes that  elementary school has a far greater impact on our children, than higher  education, and notes that &quot;we ask elementary schools to help shape our  students' first and lasting ideas about themselves, their country, and the  world.&quot;  He notes that &quot;reading is the heart and soul of  elementary education.&quot;  He feels that educators today tend to  emphasize that students need to &quot;learn how to learn,&quot; and remain  vague about what they should learn.  The unruly atmosphere of our schools  is addressed.  He also covers the issues of teachers feeling that they work  with very little help from parents. The basics of what makes good students  and good schools is clearly spelled out for parents, and presents his  &quot;Ten Principles For Parents Of Educated Children.&quot;  This books is  a MUST READ, if you really want to help your children succeed, not just  with lip service, but it provides all the facts you'll need, if you just  expend a little effort.  Wow !hould learn.  The unruly atmosphere of our schools  is addressed.  He also covers the issues of teachers feeling that they work  with very little help from parents. The basics of what makes good students  and good schools is clearly spelled out for parents, and presents his  &quot;Ten Principles For Parents Of Educated Children.&quot;  This books is  a MUST READ, if you really want to help your children succeed, not just  with lip service, but it provides all the facts you'll need, if you just  expend a little effort.   Wow !	2000-05-21
One of the best investments you'll every make !	Another great entry in the &quot;Chicken Soup&quot; series. Your teen will find plenty of meat in this soup to help guide him or her through these challenging years.  Some of the stories can be a real inspiration.  There isn't a lot of preaching that teens will resist, but interesting, informative stories by their peers as well as their &quot;elders.&quot; A  wide range of topics are covered, all of interest and value for teens.  Topics range from friends, parent problems, and love, to daily pressures,  dealing with relatives, and everyday activities. They're sure to learn from  the experiences of others.  The girls will learn from what the guys are  really thinking. The book is very up-to-date, providing teens with what  they need to know in their current culture.  Both guys and girls are sure  to benefit, while they enjoy reading.  There is definitely a lot of  &quot;stuff&quot; in these 400 pages !  A must read, especially as  vacation time approaches.	2000-05-18
The TV doc helps you stop worrying and enjoy life !	Dr. Edell hits a home run with this 304 page book that can really impact on your health and your quality of life.  I liked the way he stresses your need to avoid taking every health-news story as gospel and trying to  continually change your life style based on the latest &quot;facts&quot;  you get from the media.  We must use common sense in evaluating all the  &quot;fluff&quot; that we read and hear about health on a daily basis.  Dr.  Edell helps us sort out the facts from the fallacies.  His style of  writing, often humorous, makes the volume a pleasure to read.  You'll learn  how to avoid jumping in on every new diet, herbal remedy, or exercise  program.  Let him sort out the real facts of the studies, medical journal  articles, and media hype, to help you lead a more healthful, less stessful  life with the least effort.  A great book.	2000-05-18
A Story That Only Personal Letters Can Tell !!	This book contains the text of actual letters received by Tom Brokaw, in  response to his original successful book &quot;The Greatest  Generation.&quot;  Letters written by and to soldiers, wives, families and  friends give a first hand account of WW II and great insight into the WW II  generation, as they lived through the depression, went and returned from  battle, and came home often finding that their lives would be changed  forever.  Many of the letters were written at the battlefront, others at  the kitchen table, and paint a true picture of the scene for the reader.  Families of many of the forgotten heros were anxious to pass these gems  kept in old boxes and dresser drawers, on for others to examine. Readers  will experience a variety of emotions as they peruse these irreplaceable  jewels from love to loss, loneliness to joy. It doesn't matter if the  reader agrees with how and what took place or doesn't, but every human  being can learn and benefit from the experiences of these people and their  families.  A great reading experience, and one that you won't soon forget.  Read it, and encourage others to do so.	2000-05-03
A Very Detailed Daily Diary of Nazi Torment !	The author Victor Klemperer clearly tells it how it really was for Jews in Nazi Germany from 1942 to 1945.  No, it's not the same details we're always horrified by.  It's the simple everyday &quot;normal&quot; activity restrictions that the Nazi's imposed on the Jews that hits home.  In  addition to the atrocities we're familiar with, Mr. Klemperer kept detailed  accounts of daily life for Jews.  For example, Jews could not buy flowers,  ride bikes or enter subways.  He describes the hard labor he was forced to  perform, in spite of the fact that he suffered from a heart ailment.  His  diary also details the many kindnesses performed by German citizens,  pointing out that there always remain some good folks among the bad.  This  book of over 550 pages takes some time to read.  But it is well worth the  time.  The author succeeds in providing a more vivid picture that we  perhaps had previously not seen.  Well worth reading . . .	2000-05-02
True Story We Can All Learn From !	When I picked this book up and read the back cover, it sounded interesting enough, so I began scanning the chapters for some of the details.  The fact is, that I couldn't stop reading the entire book. It is a fascinating saga of how a great, young American (a Green Beret, in fact) can be falsely  accused of a crime, and the story that results.  I was impressed by the  clear picture that Mike Yon paints in every chapter.  When I finished the  book I felt that I knew him personally, and could relate to many of the  situations in his life.  Danger Close is a book well worth reading.  You'll  share each of his emotions, from happpiness to sadness.  The book will help  you succeed by showing you the importance of taking leadership rolls,  taking responsibilities and effectively overcoming the consequences of your  actions.  I recommend it highly to all ages . . .	2000-05-02
You'll find a lot of meat in this cheese dinner !	This small but mighty (94 pages) dinner really does contain a lot of meat that can be useful in your everyday living.  The &quot;cheese&quot; represents what we want in this life.  Most of our successes will come as  the result of how we deal with change and adapt to it.  Many companies are  providing this to their employees, to help them be more flexible and  adaptable to the changes that we see DAILY in our work lives.  This book  can help you see change as a positive thing, yielding positive results for  you.  The &quot;Discussion&quot; section of the book can help you apply  what you've read to your own situations.  I found it helpful to refer to  the &quot;Cheese Book&quot; for weeks after I finished devouring it.  If  your company doesn't supply it, you owe it to yourself to get a copy.  It  will help you stay ahead of the pack, enjoying the tasty morsels while your  colleages are still knawing at the unopened wrapper !	2000-05-01
Healthful nutrition is possible, BUT it takes work !	The nutritional health guru provides his latest work in the 307 pages of food facts, fads, fantasies and feelings.  Dr. Weil really is an authority on health and alternative health care and is in a position to help us improve our well-being through appropriate choices of how and what we  choose to eat.  His major emphasis is on safety, and the best ways to lose  weight, diet affecting your energy levels and sleep abilities; and how  foods can cause or help ailments.  For dieters, he helps you evaluate  reducing aids and weight loss programs.  For those interested in learning  more about good nutrition, there's a wealth of good info provided.  Many  &quot;Optimum Diet&quot; menus are provided, along with a wealth of menus  that you can use at home and away.  We can all be better consumers, by  following his specific advice on reading labels.  Much helpful information  presented clarifies some of the questions about vitamins, fiber, minerals,  and other popular supplements.  Some of the material may be slightly too  technical for the average reader, but there is enough other material  presented to make it worthwhile reading.  Unfortunately, with all the data  available, most of us (myself included) are just too lazy to do what's best  for our health.  Even so, I recommend reading this new book. Every little  bit of knowledge that we can gain from it could be of long lasting benefit  to our health.	2000-04-30
A 5 Star Book on Antiquing That Will Save You Money !	A super, new 320 page book that can save you far more than its price.  Written by an authority, she shares many tricks of the trade that you won't find anywhere else.  You'll learn how to inspect items to learn their true  value, and how to buy at the right price.  Don't look for the currently  popular &quot;fad&quot; type of items.  This book deals with the things  that will be of value for many years to come - where the true value and  enjoyment of antiquing exists.  The volume contains numerous illustrations  to assist you.  Many explanations go into great detail, to assure that you  can make an appropriate appraisal of your items.  You'll be able to  intelligently evaluate many of the antiques you already have in your home.  Its a fun, informative read.  Every antique enthusiast should have this  book.	2000-04-28
I wasn't sure that this was for me, but it really was !	I was pleasantly surprised that I really enjoyed reading this book and honestly gained things from it.  Maria gives insight into her views on life, and made me think seriously about some of the things she states and  what they would mean to me personally.  What she covers is applicable to  all of us, in all stages of life.  She deals with bosses, children, spouses  and everyone that touches our lives, how they influence us, what they  expect of us, and how we should react to gain the most from these  experiences.  She stresses the importance of laughter, and I agree that  humor is important in everyday life.  It's something that many folks  forget, and suffer because of it. I must admit that I hesitated reading  this book by a celebrity such as Maria, but I found it very worthwhile.  If  you're too busy to read it, it's available on audio cassette, so you can  listen to it in your car.  Each of us can benefit from it.	2000-04-28
The Easy Way to Learn Windows 98 !	Super 270 page book that takes you step by step through the process of learning and using Windows 98.  I found most everything I needed to know to get me started, and much more.  It features a very complete table of contents and index to help you quickly find the info you want, then  presents the info in an easy to understand manner, without the technical  jargon the &quot;experts&quot; use.  Topics range from Bare Bones Basics,  Fixing Problems and Understanding Windows and Menus, to Printing Files,  Sharing Information, Changing Settings and Finding Help When an Error  Message Appears On Your Screen (An aid that I use often). This volume  contains more data than some of the much more expensive videos and books  I've seen, and its even easier to use.  A free CD-Rom is included to help  you.  I refer to the book often. Well worth the price.	2000-04-27
Wow !  A $ 15.99 Wedding Consultant . . . .	A super 390 page encyclopedia of wedding planning that can't be beat.  A really comprehensive volume to guide you step by step through the complicated process of having a wedding.  A very complete table of contents along with a super index makes this guide very easy to use.  There are over  3,000 individual entries in the index! It's written in a very light style  (like the other &quot;Dummies&quot; books).  Sometimes you need a little  humor during the hectic days of wedding planning (and check the expenses  that are mounting).  Topics range from Spreading the News, Setting Your  Sites, and What to Wear, to Music, Food, Photos, and &quot;Nuts and Bolts  and Loose Screws.&quot;  We're referring to this book daily as we plan our  daughter's wedding, without using a consultant.  It even provides specifics  for each major religion.  You can't go wrong with this book.  You'll even  use it after the wedding to pull together the loose ends that occur. So  far, we've been able to find the answers to all of our questions.  Mom,  Pop, Sis and Brothers have all used this, along with the bride, of course,  and found it to be valuable.	2000-04-27
An Interesting Read About Bill's First Lady	I found this book by the former Reagan White House speechwriter interesting.  She does after all have a better picture of what goes on behind closed White House doors than the rest of us.  Peggy emphasizes how  power hungry the Clintons are and the driving forces behind them.  Ms.  Noonan questions Hillary's ability to lead, and if she does in fact have  leadership qualities, why she has accomplished so little during her tenure  in the White House.  Peggy leads the reader to think that the New York  Senate race is just the first step to bigger and better positions.  It  provided me with food for thought and enouraged me to look further into  this political figure that will be with us for some time.  I found this  book interesting, enjoyable, and well worth reading.	2000-04-27
7th Edition of the Great Internet Dummies Book  !	360 pages of all the facts you'll need  about the Web, e-mail, service providers, and search engines.  An encyclopedia of the easy to locate information you'll need to surf like an &quot;expert.&quot; Provides a complete table of contents and an index of more than 2,200 entries.  Topics  range from The Net at Home and Work, Your Kids, Web TV and Shopping, to  Your First Home Page, Mail, Messages, Chats, and Swiping Files from the  Net.  Written in the fun, but informative style of the &quot;Dummies&quot;  series.  At $ 15.95 you'll find a wealth of information to help you.  I  keep this book on my desk and refer to it often. My two sons are systems  analysts and programmers, but I find the things I need faster in this book,  than trying to understand what the boys are saying with their technical  jargon !  After they answer my question, I still look it up in the book so  I can understand  the &quot;practical&quot; steps I need to take to get  what I want.	2000-04-27
Excellent Medical Information Source For Every Home !	This hardbound 1,509 page authoritative health care encyclopedia will serve you well.  Designed for home use, it covers every major medical/health care topic.  Complete table of contents, and well indexed (over 11,000 entries) to make finding the information easy.  Major topics  range from Anatomy, Drugs, Bone, Joint and Muscle Disorders to Disorders of  Skin, Eyes, Immune System, and Children's Health Issues.  Many informative  tables are provided.  You'll find clear, easy to understand answers to most  of your health questions.  Even though I am a health professional and have  access to the standard Merck Manual, I keep this volume at home for ready  reference and refer to it often.  Well worth the price. There are many  books on the market about health care topics, but this one IS AUTHORITATIVE  !	2000-04-27
Great TV Memory Jogger from the 60's thru 80's !	Very nice 224 page book with about 40 very large, full color, sharp photos and 750 large black and white photos.  A brand new reference, published in 2000. Features a very complete table of contents with more than 200 entries.  Topics cover from Addams Family, Banana Splits, Beetlejuice and  Casper, to Scooby-Doo, Shari Lewis, Thunderbirds, and Underdog.  Background  information is provided for each topic and prices are up-to-date.  A great  reference for this topic.	2000-04-25
A Real Beauty of a Book of Robots and Space Toys !	Gorgeous 192 page, up-to-date book featuring more than 400 superb full color very large, sharp photos of more than 300 robots, spaceships and ray guns.  This 1999 book uses a great format, with 2 toys per page, complete with a load of information on each item !  One of the best formats I've  seen.  It covers the years from the 40's through the 70's.  A full color  photo of the box is even provided with most toys.  Topics range from  Acrobat Robot, Astroman, Buck Rogers and Cape Canaveral, to Roby Robot,  Smoking Spaceman, Space Trooper and Yonezawa items.  You can't miss with  this reference book.	2000-04-25
Great Memory Jogger Reference &amp; Value Guide !	Delightful book (originally published in 1997) has been updated with '99 values.  The 144 page book features more than 400 sharp, large, full color cover photographs of the Whitman Juvenile Books you may have enjoyed as a  child.  Sufficient background information is provided along with collectors  information, grading your books, conventions, and more.  You'll enjoy  browsing and using this book.  Very enjoyable !	2000-04-12
Great New Book For O and S Gauge Model Railroading Fans	A super new 224 reference book on the popular collectible.  Contains many large sharp black and white detailed photos and some very nice full color pictures.  There's a wealth of interesting and useful info in the book,  covering from basic data to dream layouts, track planning, track,  electrical wiring, running two trains, scenery, building and structures,  action accessories, steam and diesel locomotives, freight and passenger  cars, operations, to a complete glossary and sources of supply.  The train  enthusiast will certainly find this to be an enjoyable and useful reference  source.  Add it to your library.	2000-04-12
5th Edition of the Popular Book on Occupied Japan Items	This popular book (128 pages) has been updated with 1999 prices.  It features 100's of sharp, full color photos.  Sufficient text is provided covering topics from angels and cherubs, animals, ash trays, children,  dinnerware, elves, figurines, lamps, to paper, pitchers, planters, salt and  pepper shakers, toys, dolls, and vases.  Complete table of contents makes  it easy to find items.  Every collectible is fully described.  A great  reference work for collectors of Occupied Japan.	2000-04-12
A Pedal Car Enthusiast's Delight !	302 page edition (volume # 4) featuring year 2,000 values.  More than 600 individual large, sharp, full color pictures are shown.  Includes over 100 pages of manufacturer catalog pages, advertisements, newspaper clippings, original postcards, and much more.  Pedal Car fans will enjoy this work and  find it an invauable reference.	2000-04-11
Gorgeous Hardcover Volume of Fiesta, Lu-Ray &amp; Colorware	Brand new, year 2000 hardback library volume of 182 pages.  A beautiful book with a wealth of information and more than 800 full color, large, sharp photos.  Covers from Homer Laughlin Lines, Taylor, Smith and Taylor Lines to Knowles, Mt. Clemens, Zephyr, Sevilla, Camwood and others.  Item  descriptions are very detailed and appear with great photos and values.  The photos are exceptional, and true to life.  A joy for collectors of  colorware.	2000-04-11
Very Nice Picture- Price Guide on Ceramic Collectibles	New 192 page volume with year 2,000 pricing.  Contains more than 600 full color, sharp, large photos of every category of ceramic.  Covers ceramics from Houses, Lighthouses, Windmills, Characters, Mugs and Dishes, to Kitchenware, Valentine, Easter, Sports and Salt and Pepper Shakers.  Not  much text, but a beautiful picture and price guide.  Ceramic collectors  will enjoy it.	2000-04-11
A Beauty of a Book for Candy Containers Collectors !	A super, 200 page book complete with more than 500 large, sharp, full color photos.  Plenty of background information is included.  Major topics run from: Candy Container Descriptions, Animals, Cars, Characters and Fire  Engines, to Motorcycles, Musical, Racers and Windmills.  Collectors will  surely enjoy looking at these great photos.  Item descriptions are very  complete.  Values are provided.  A very useful and enjoyable reference.	2000-04-09
Encyclopedia of Info For Stock Car Model Kit Lovers !	This 208 page new encyclopedia and price guide covers every stock car kit model ever made from 1/43rd to 1/24th and larger scales.  Includes more than 700 models with 400 great black and white and 40 full color photos.  A  few of the major topics cover from: How Plastic Scale Model Kits are  Manufactured, Company Histories, Essentials of Building, Tools and Supplies  to After-Market, Building Outside the Box and Building After-Market Kits.  Instructions are well illustrated and easy to understand and follow.  Very  useful and well worth the list price of $19.95.	2000-04-09
Great New 2nd Edition of the Popular Golf Collectibles Book	Latest 400 page encyclopedia of golf collectibles contains over 500 large, sharp, black and white photos and more than 50 in full color.  Not just a picture and price guide.  Full text is provided for the major topics  ranging from: Collecting Antique Golf, Collecting Societies, Antique Golf  Clubs, to Signature Balls, Golf Tees, Golf Art, Medals and Trophies, and  Trading Cards. A comprehensive index is included to facilitate item  selection.  New chapters include Golf Bags and even Auctions.  Collectors  will enjoy the &quot;paper items&quot; included.  A great reference.	2000-04-09
Super Reference Work For Sheet Music Collectors	This 320 page volume contains over 13,000 listings of sheet music!  There are over 300 full color pictures of sheet music covers and prices updated for the year 2,000.  In addition to the alphabetical listing of songs and  current prices, there are chapters on Cover Artists, Performers &amp;  Composers, Misc. categories ranging from advertising, black face, military,  to patriotic, sports and WW I and II.  There isn't a lot of back ground  information, but a ton of listings, dates and prices.  A valuable reference  source for sheet music collectors.	2000-04-09
Beautiful Library Volume Picturing Cookie Jar Collectibles	This is the 3rd edition of the popular book, featuring more than 1,800 large, sharp full color photos in its 360 pages.  No repeats from the prior editions. There is not much in the way of background information, but loads  of beautiful pictures, descriptions and prices.  A complete index makes it  easy to find the jars you're interested in.  If you like to look at cookie  jars, you'll love this picture encyclopedia.	2000-04-09
Colorful I.D. and Value Guide To Raggedy Ann Collectibles	A beautiful 232 page reference work featuring more than 1,200 full color, sharp, large photos of every type of Raggedy Ann collectible.  Major topics range from Accessories, Banks, Books, Ceramics to Playsets, Dolls, Holidays  and Music Boxes.  Each photo includes the date, maker and value.  There is  a brief introduction to the popular collectible.  A beautiful reference  book you'll refer to often.	2000-04-09
Attractive Book For Drinking Glasses Collectors	This 136 page volume, with prices updated for 1999 features THOUSANDS of glasses, in full color photos.  A nice overview and brief history of the hobby is included.  Some major topics cover from: Artists and Producers,  Characters and Personalities, Fast-Food Restaurants and Food Containers, to  Americana, Space Related, Superheros and Sports.  Each group of glasses  includes photos, a description of the glasses along with a value range.  Its completely indexed for ease of use.  A must have for collectors of this  topic. It carries a list price of $ 17.95.	2000-04-09
Super Deluxe Volume Tells It All !	This gorgeous 1,000 page library book weighing over 7 pounds gives the most up-to-date info on topics ranging from: Designing Your Garden, Furnishing Your Landscape and Designing With Plants, to Problem Solving,  Coping With Garden Pests and Growing a Healthy Lawn.  Loaded with  beautiful, large, full color pictures on every page.  Easy reading and a  complete index leads you to answers to all of your garden questions.  THE  book for garden experts and novices alike.  You'll want this in your  library.	2000-04-08
Great Reference For A Fun Collectible !	This new 176 page book features over 800 large, sharp, full color photos of every type of bubble bath container imaginable.  A brief introduction includes info on rating items on a Rarity Scale and how to protect your  collection.  Major topics include:  Disney, Hanna Barbera, Warner Brothers,  Public Broadcasting, Cartoons and Comics, Generic and House Brand  Characters, Elegant Women, Vehicles and Science Fiction, Space, Fantasy,  and Monsters.  One chapter deals with Avon collectibles.  This book will  serve as a great reference if you enjoy collecting bubble bath containers.	2000-04-08
Beautiful Book of the 20th Century's Most Influential People	Brand new 170 page, full color book covers the major heroes and icons of the century.  From Lindbergh, Helen Keller and Jackie Robinson to Gandhi, Roosevelt and &quot;The Necessary Evils.&quot;  Easy and fun to read, with  photos in the Time/Life tradition.  Also includes an interesting section on  the most influencial people of the millennium. Readers of all ages will  find this interesting and informative.	2000-04-08
A Must Have Book for the Barbie Enthusiast	Brand new, 352 page book loaded with more than 750 full color, sharp photos with prices for over 4,000 accessories of every kind!  12 complete chapters cover 1959 to 1970.  Barbie facts are presented, along with  pictures showing how Barbie changed over each of the years.  Info is  provided on individual Barbie items such as purses, shoes, jewelry, pets,  gloves, pictures, guitars, pot holders, cotton candy, books, checkers, and  many more items.  A great reference book that Barbie fans will enjoy for  years to come.	2000-04-08
Second Edition of a Beautiful Volume on Marbles !	This second edition is updated for 2,000.  190 pages with hundreds of large, full color, sharp photos.  Major topics include: Who Can You Trust?, Manufacturers, Antique and Machine Mades, Rarities, Marble Boxes, Christmas  Cards, Clubs, Paper Items, etc, etc.  A great reference for marble fans.	2000-04-08
A Treasure Trove of WW II Homefront Collectibles !	Great, new 208 page volume with over 600 black and white and more than 60 full color photos.  Covers homefront items ranging from: arcade pin-up postcards, greeting cards, matchbooks and POW, to stationery, comics, gum  cards and toys.  Numerous paper items are shown. Each major chapter  includes an interesting and informative introduction to the topic.  Values  are provided. An outstanding compilation of a variety of collectibles,  providing insight into life in the U.S. during WWII that will be of  interest to people of all ages.	2000-04-08
A Super Review of the Roaring Twenties !	A beautiful 192 page volume covering all aspects of the roaring twenties.  Major topics range from The Quest for Normalcy, Flight, and Sports Stars, to Birth of the Tabloids, Gallery of Greats, and Crazes That Captured The  Nation.  Loaded will large sharp photos on every page. It's mostly a  picture book, but there is sufficient text to provide an insight as to what  really went on during that interesting period in U.S. history and culture.  You'll enjoy the trip.	2000-02-22
The First I.D. and Price Guide For Bobbing Head Dolls !	A very nice 160 page book, featuring more than 250 large, sharp black and white photos, with an 8 page full color section.  Major topics cover collecting tips; repairs- what to look for; condition; and more.  The  Japanese-made dolls in the fields of baseball, football, hockey,  basketball, and non-sports are well documented for the period 1960 to 1972  and 1972 to the present.  Also included are TV personalities, Advertising  Icons, Political Figures and Cartoon Characters.  Each doll includes  identifying features, years of manufacture, set profile, typical flaws,  historical notes, the most difficult doll to find in the series, and the  most common doll in the series.  If you're interested in this topic, this  book belongs in your collectibles library.	2000-02-19
The First I.D. and Price Guide For Bobbing Head Dolls !	A very nice 160 page book, featuring more than 250 large,sharp black and white photos, with an 8 page full color section.  Major topics run from collecting tips; repairs- what to look for; condition; and more.  The  Japanese-made dolls in the fields of baseball, football, hockey, basketball  and non-sports are well documented for the period 1960 to 1972 and 1972 to  the present.  Also included are TV personalities, Advertising Icons,  Political Figures and Cartoon Characters.  Each doll includes identifying  features, years of manufacture, set profile, typical flaws, historical  notes,the most difficult doll to find in the series, and the most common  doll in the series.  If you're interested in this topic, this book belongs  in your library.	2000-02-09
5th Edition Of The Great Guide For Lovers Of Old Jewelry	A very complete reference work covering the period 1840 to 1950, with prices updated for 1999.  There are over 1,700 large, sharp, black and white photos and 32 page full color sections with superior, sharp, large  photos.  The 3 major sections are:  When was it made and what is it worth?;  100 Years of Cameos; and Manufacturing Techniques.  Each section is loaded  with photos and information.  It tells how jewelry is made, how to  determine what kind of metal an item is made from, determining whether a  stone is synthetic, a listing of maker's marks to help you identify and  date pieces. A complete glossary is included.  A must have book for the  jewelry collector !	2000-02-09
A Treasure Trove of Information for Toy Train Collectors	This 5th edition, 448 page volume contains a wealth of information, updated with the latest prices.  It contains over 6,000 listings and more than 2,200 photos, mostly black and white (plus a 16 page full color  section containing very large, sharp photos).  In addition to the complete  listings, it provides background information on each manufacturer.  Topics  range from American Flyer to Lionel, to Marx and Tootsietoy.  A number of  pages cover &quot;miscellaneous&quot; makers.  Every item bears prices for  up to 3 grades of condition.  A must for toy train collectors!	2000-02-08
A Fitting Tribute To The Diana Years.	This commemorative volume celebrates the unique magic of the Princess of Wales.  The book features a superb collection of photographs of Diana and her life, that was updated and expanded after her death.  Major chapters  are:  Farewell, Shutter Bugged, Once Upon A Time, Hands-on Mom, The  Princess at Peace, and much more.  A sufficient amount of text accompanies  the wealth of large, full color, sharp, candid photos.  A must for fans of  Diana.  Completely indexed.  A welcome 5-star addition to your home  library.	2000-01-01
Nice Royal Copley I.D. And Value Guide.	A very handy 144 page reference book featuring hundreds of small, full color photos of Royal Copley, Royal Windsor and Spaulding items.  This Book II has no repeats from the previous Book I.  Major chapters run from Royal  Copley-Still Going Strong, The Truth About Royal Windsor, A Warm Experience  at Spaulding, to Labels, Bibliography and Source Material.  You'll find  this handy purse size volume useful as you attend auctions and antique  shows.	1999-12-15
A Beautiful Guide To Peanuts Collectibles !	A wonderful 296 page book loaded with 2,700 great photos in full color.  Packed with information on the characters, copyright data, selling your collection, Peanuts Collector Club.  Covers all areas, including banks,  books, cosmetics, display accessories, dolls, figurines, housewares, music  boxes, seasonal, stationery, toys, and more.  Contains year 2000 values.  Plenty of text, in addition to the listings.  A real treasure you'll enjoy  reading and using often.	1999-12-15
The Almanac That Gives You Clues To What Lies Ahead !	This is the 1999 millennium version of &quot;The Old Farmer's Almanac.&quot;  The 384 page library volume with laminated hardcovers covers everything from: The Human Connection, Good Health- Good Food, The  Art of Self Reliance, Fellow Creatures, Keeping An Eye On The Sky,  Measuring Time and Space, to How To Become a Prophet. It contains old  favorites of vintage wisdom, ageless advice, and amusing and offbeat  anecdotes from past issues.  It's loaded with items of interest and humor.  Great for reading during those cold winter nights.  Enjoy !	1999-12-14
New 1999 Guide To Fast Food Collectibles !	This new 288 page book is packed with over 500 black and white photos (16 page color section).  It provides over 2,200 realistic prices for the items.  Major topics range from Arby's, Burger Chef, Hardees to McDonald's,  Wendy's, White Castle and many more.  Interesting and useful text is  included with each major topic.  You'll want to add this book to your  collectibles library if fast food collectibles are in your collection.	1999-12-14
A Beautiful Book To Be Enjoyed By Ad Character Collectors.	This edition of the 160 page book was updated to include 1997 values.  It contains over 400 very large, sharp, full color photos. Major headings cover from Restaurants and Fast Foods, Breakfast Cereals, Beverages,  Automotive, Appliances Drugstore and Cosmetics to Travel and Entertainment  and Tobacco Products.  In addition to the many photos, the book contains  sufficient interesting background information.  Well indexed. If you  collect these items, you'll enjoy the volume.	1999-12-14
A Beautiful Picture - Price Guide For A Popular Collectible.	This 176 page guide contains over 800 great, full color, sharp photos of book covers.  The values have been updated to 1996.  Topics range from Whitman Big Little Books and Big Big Books to Tarzan, Dell Fast Action, Disney and Comic Character books.  The amount of text is limited to brief  discussions of history, where to purchase, condition, storage and care.  If  you enjoy collecting this topic, you'll enjoy this volume and refer to it  often.  Add it to your library.	1999-12-14
A True Encyclopedia of Disneyana Collectibles !	This 224 page library volume with laminated covers contains more than 850 large, full color, sharp photos of each item. It contains more than 2000 values, however the book was published in 1992. A lot of text is provided  and most of the photos are accompanyed by a useful description. A joy to  look at. You'll want to add this to your collectibles library and keep it  forever !	1999-12-14
A Must Have Book for Fisher-Price Toys Collectors.	Brand new (copywright Year 2,000) 240 page book loaded with more than 500 full color, sharp, large photos of toys from 1964 and later.  There is an introduction and history of the collectible and chapters on ToyFest  Memorabilia, Happy Meal Toys, Whoops and Bits &amp; Pieces, Zoo Series,  Figures and Farm Animals and much more.  Any collector will be delighted  with the photos.  They're almost like looking at the real toys. The book is  well indexed with current prices.  A delight to look at and own !	1999-12-14
Delightful Guide To Keen Kutter Collectibles !	This volume (copyright, 2000) contains 192 pages and more than 750 full color, large, sharp photos. You'll find information about thousands of Keen Kutter items here.  The book discusses Keen Kutter history, tradmarks and  motto, reproductions, fakes and clubs.  Price ranges are provided for each  item.  Major topics cover Advertising, Calendars, Catalogs, and Kitchen,  Paper Goods, Saws, to Tool Boxes, Wrenches and Yard and Garden. A must have  volume for collectors of this popular collectible.	1999-12-14
A Beautiful, Beautiful Guide to Art Deco !	This book was published in 1997, but values are updated for the year 2,000.  Wonderful 224 page book contains more than 600 large, full color, sharp photos. Major topics range from bar ware, clocks, dresser  accessories, to smoking, statutes, tableware and vases.  It contains much  text on the origins and development of Art Deco, and each section contains  useful information.  It also includes facts on reproductions, manufacturers  and marks and a comprehensive bibliography.  Art Deco collectors will enjoy  and refer to this volume often.	1999-12-14
A Very Informative Guide to Collectible Souvenir Spoons !	Published in 1998, this 336 page book contains 750 large, sharp, black and white photos, plus 12 full color pages.  Although difficult to photograph, the pictures clearly show the designs on the spoons.  The volume contains  informative text, covering the history of spoons, introduction, and  details.  Major topics range from Inspiring A Nation, First Americans, and  Modern Vision of Government, to Inspiring Our Children, Our Bowl  Overfloweth and Craftsmanship and Painted Silver.  Price ranges are  provided as well as a comprehensive bibliography and index.  A valuable  reference tool for souvenir spoon collectors.	1999-12-14
Comprehensive Guide for Conventional &amp; Alternative Meds	880 page volume contains much information about commonly prescribed drugs, over the counter products, as well as natural remedies.  It even includes Aromatherapy oils.  Alphabetically arranged, the guide is easy to use.  A  standard format is used throughout for fast review of information.  Each  listing includes drug class, brand names, other drugs in this class,  warnings, special information, target ailments, drug interactions,  availability, side-effects (both serious and not serious).  Includes facts  on Natural Remedies, aromatherapy, Chinese Medicine, Homeopathy, Vitamins  and Minerals, Herbs, and when drugs and natural remedies don't mix.  A  wealth of data in one book.  Very useful.	1999-12-13
A Very Useful Book For Collectors of Old West Memorabilia.	Brand new 1999 book contains 224 pages with 500 very large black and white and 32 great color photos.  It covers 1,500 western items, ranging from Art, Books and Paper, Homestead, to Hispanic Influence, Native American  Memorabilia, Rodeos and Wild West Shows.  Each category is well described,  and prices are updated for 1999.  This book was written by two experts in  the field.  A must have book for lovers of old western collectibles.	1999-12-13
Delightful Book for Pottery and Related Banks.	This 224 page book contains over 800 full color, sharp, large photos of pottery, porcelain and composition banks from 60 manufacturers.  The banks are grouped by maker, ranging from Adria Art, American Bisque and Applause,  to McCoy Pottery, Regal China and Royal Copley, to United Feature  Syndicate, Walt Disney and Warner Brothers.  Prices are updated to 1998.  It is completely indexed to facilitate locating items. A useful guide for  collectors of these items.	1999-12-13
A World of Information in this Information Please Almanac !	1,040 pages of interesting and useful facts.  This special Millennium Edition with its world statistics,internet links, maps and charts has over ONE MILLION facts.  For ease of use, there is a &quot;Keyword Index,&quot;  &quot;Major Section Index,&quot; and a 28 page &quot;Comprehensive  Index.&quot; Sections run from Astronomy, Aviation, and Awards, and  Milestones, Military Affairs, and Millenium, to Weather Climate, World  Statistics and Year in Pictures.  This completely updated edition for 1999  will provide you with a world of data useful for school, business, contests  or pleasure.  A most valuable resource !	1999-12-13
The Popular Guidebook Now Has Prices Revised for 1999	This beautiful 352 page identification and value guide has been updated with 1999 prices. It contains over 2,300 full color, large, sharp photos.  Provides collector's tips, the McDonald's Story, the early days and more  history.  Nearly every type of McDonald collectible is included.  Every  category is clearly described. A valuable reference work that will be  referred to often !	1999-11-20
Useful Reference For Typewriter and Office Item Collectors	175 pages with more than 400 beautiful, sharp, full color photos of everything from typewriters to ribbon tins, early calculators, pencil sharpeners, and more.  Gives the history of typewriters, information on  rating conditions, restoring and shipping typewriters.  A very interesting  and useful reference.  The value guide prices could be updated, but the  basic information presented is still very helpful.	1999-11-20
Concise Informative Guide to American Country Antiques	This 254 page reference work (all new and updated 16th edition) contains a wealth of information about American Country Antiques, including prices. It features many black and white photos, including some in full color, and  identifies and prices over 900 rare and unusual items.  Major topics run  from Antiques 104, Shops, Shows, Auctions, and Galleries, to Hot Country  Antiques, Kitchen and Hearth Antiques, Stoneware, and more.  Each topic is  clearly described. A great book to help you learn more about this popular  area of collecting. Handy-sized paperback book makes it easy to take with  you.	1999-11-17
A Super Chronicle Of The 60's !	192 pages filled with terrific photos of the times.  You'll enjoy reading and seeing photos of: America Visiting Camelot, Fighting for Equal Rights, 60's Movies and TV, Sports Became Commerce, Tragedy of Vietnam, Making  Love- Not War, Sounds of the 60's, and the Race to the Moon.  A real memory  jogger of the 60's !	1999-11-05
A Great Reference Book For Matchbook Collectors.	304 pages jam packed with information.  Features over 350 photos and illustrations, many in full color.  More than 10,000 matchcovers are described with estimated values provided.  Tells the history, how to grade,  beginners tips and hints, company trademarks and more.  Matchcover  collectors are sure to learn from this book and will refer to it often.  Very useful and interesting.	1999-11-05
A Real Treat For Those Remembering The 1950's !	192 pages jam packed with outstanding black and white and color photos of this time many of us remember.  Provides an insight of the best of time, icons of the era, living the good life, the Red threat, dream machines,  equal rights, TV, sports, entertainment and much, much more.  If you  remember S &amp; H Green Stamps, Erector Sets, pink Cadillacs, fallout  shelters, Sputnik, and dancing Old Gold Packs, you'll appreciate this  winner.	1999-11-05
One Of The Best Books Available On This Topic !	Every one of the 208 pages is loaded with large full color, sharp photos, along with comprehensive text.  16 chapters cover items from almanacs, calendars, catalogs, fans, to postcards, posters, signs and trade cards.  One chapter deals with investing in paper advertising.  Provides  information about looking for the next paper advertising collectibles.  Everyone interested in any kind of advertising will love this beautiful  book and enjoy having it in their library !	1999-11-05
If You Enjoy The Movies, You'll Love This Book !	160 pages of great black and white and color photography from the early days of the movies to the present time.  Every page is a winner.  Sure to bring back memories of the past.  Each movie includes: A brief discussion  and an Oscar Index, Type Casting, Behind the Scenes, and What Might Have  Been.  Movie fans will enjoy this in their libraries.	1999-11-03
Everything You Wanted To Know About Wedding Traditions!	A beautiful, colorful 164 page library volume that pays tribute to every detail of this important day.  Full of wonderful photos, drawings, old ads, and history.  Covers rituals, superstitions, dowries, matchmaking,  romance, pomp and circumstance, historical and socially prominent unions,  the silver service, romance in the military, couture and fashion brides at  century's end.  Wonderful to browse through, and to learn from.  Makes a  great gift for the bride too.	1999-11-03
This Look At Teens In The 1950's Will Jog Your Memory !	152 pages of superior black and white and full color photos to delight you.  Includes many pictures of memorabilia.  Major topics include: Roots of Rock and Roll, Hail The King, Teenage Dream, Chasing The Teenage Dollar,  Rebels, Beats, and Cool Cats, Hot Rod Fever.  If you were around in the  1950's you're sure to enjoy this volume.  A memory-filled look at life of  the teens nearly a half-century ago!	1999-11-03
A Real Closeup Look at The Chairman of the Board !	130 pages of superior photographs of this giant entertainer and personality.  You'll marvel at the closeup pictures of his life and times that are provided.  The volume begins at his childhood and takes you all  the way to the end.  Includes a personal farewell from Tony Bennett.  Sinatra fans will enjoy adding this to their music or book library.	1999-11-02
192 Pages of Great Pictures and Interesting Text !	A picture-filled delightful view of the molders of the century.  Features some never before published photos, with fascinating stories about key moments in these people's lives.  Includes people from Henry Aaron, to  Nicolas Copernicus, to Ernest Hemingway, Ralph Nader, Benjamin Spock and  Boris Yeltsin.  You'll enjoy every page of this library volume.	1999-11-02
Fine Guide to African-American 19th,20th Century Collecting	178 pages of over 300 great black and white and full color photos.  Includes a thought provoking introduction by Julian Bond.  Covers items from advertising, banks, cookie jars and dolls, to political memorabilia,  sports, tobacciana and toys.  Estimated values are shown.  Clearly  demonstrates the role of collectibles in documenting the history of a  nation and the culture of its people.  A well done, fascinating book.	1999-11-02
Up-To-Date Dream Book For Monumental Mini Collectors.	Super 208 page volume jam packed with over 1,000 beautiful bronzetone sharp photos.  Covers souvenir buildings, book ends, clocks, coin banks, thermometers, World's Fairs, sports, monuments and memorial.  Features a  great history of the collectible, how to build a collection, and makers and  materials.  Fully indexed for ease of use.  Estimated values included.  Very valuable reference for the mini building collector.	1999-11-02
A Must-Have Book For Titanic Fans.	Gorgeous 205 page, hardcover library volume.  Beautiful full color and black and white large photos.  Provides insight into the maiden voyage,  terror at sea, in search of the Titanic, anatomy of the disaster, the trail  of time, and an epilogue.  Beautiful never before published photos.  One of  the best books on the topic to be found.  Full color pictures of much  Titanic memorabilia.  A great addition to a Titanic fan's library.	1999-11-01
Beautiful Volume Photographically Reviews The Century	192 pages of beautiful large photos of the major events of this century.  Brings back memories for people of all ages.  There's something in this  book for everyone.  If you're a history or culture buff, you'll really  enjoy reading and owning this volume.	1999-11-01
People Weekly Magazine's 25 Amazing Years Treasure	A beautiful 145 page volume with every page filled with full color pictures.  You'll enjoy this walk down memory lane.  From Woody Allen, John  Belushi and David Copperfield, to Shania Twain, Robin Williams and Oprah  Winfrey.  Unbeatable pictures.  Main topics include: &quot;See How They've  Grown,&quot; &quot;A Star is Born,&quot; &quot;The State of Our  Unions,&quot; and &quot;Mortal Shocks.&quot;  You'll love this book !	1999-11-01
Pictorial Guide to Household Items of the Past	You'll enjoy the 224 page book with over 1,000 full color terrific, sharp photos in this photo-price guide.  Everything from napkin dolls, pie birds,  stringholders and laundry sprinkler bottles, to egg timers, childs cups,  baby dishes and razor blade banks is shown.  Each major topic is fully  discussed.  A delightful addition to the collector's library and reference  shelf.	1999-11-01
Beautiful Guide to Collectible Characters and Critters	168 pages of beautiful full color, large photos, along with discussions of the major topics, including:  Advertising Dolls, Bears, Barbie's, Book  Dolls, Fast Food Dolls, Candy Connection, Great Comeback Ad Dolls and  Sports Dolls.  The pictures are so sharp you can almost feel the furry  critters.  A price guide is included.  You'll want to add this to your  collection if you like character and critter advertising bears and dolls  collectibles.	1999-11-01
Everything You Want To Know About Marbles.	176 pages with 1,200 color pictures and many black and white plates.  This book really provides a comprehensive history of marbles including how to  classify and collect them.  Details on clay and crockery, china, swirls,  solids, opaques and sulphides.  Transition and machine-mades, reproductions  and toys are discussed.  A comprehensive price guide is included, and a  marble club listing.  Add this book to your collection if you're a new  marble collector or a long time collector.  A great reference source.	1999-10-31
A Movie Fan's Delight	Every page of this 160 page, hardcover book is filled with black and white and/or full color large photos.  Includes: Top 10, Leading Men, Sex  Goddesses, Tough Guys, Beauties, Every Guys, Artists, Comedians, Ingenues,  Action Heroes, Rebels, Pros.  Presents movie posters, and candid shots.  Each chapter provides an interesting page highlighting the chapter.  A  beautiful book worthy of a place in a movie buff's library.	1999-10-31
Truly The Encyclopedia of Soda Pop Collectibles.	An outstanding guide to all forms of soda pop collectibles - every type imaginable.  Covers signs, smalls, paper items, bottles, thermometers,  fans, tin, clocks, radios, trays and coasters, mini-bottles, toys, mirrors,  lighters, labels, music, and on and on. Superior black and white and full  color photography.  The collector won't be able to put this book down.  Add  it to your library.  You'll refer to it often.	1999-10-31
A great guide for Shawnee Pottery collectors	This 5 1/2 x 8 1/2&quot; book contains 76 pages featuring over 1,000 small full color sharp photos to help you identify Shawnee items.  Year 2000 values are provided.  An interesting introduction to the Shawnee Pottery  company is included.  Original patent reports are pictured.  If you collect  Shawnee Pottery, you will want this book.	1999-10-04
THE year 2000 toy collector's guide book.	Massive 944 page book containing toys and prices updated for the year 2000.  Included are 500 black and white photos and an 8 page color section.  Detailed listings for over 19,500 toys made from 1843 to 1999.  It covers  toys from action figures, coloring books, erector sets, to PEZ containers,  restaurant premiums and Rock and Roll, to View-Master Reels and western  toys.  There are more than 55,000 current values provided !!  Brief  histories of major categories provide useful information.  Toy collectors  will find it of great value, especially when bidding on internet auctions.  A book you'll refer to often.	1999-09-30
One of a kind resource for evaluating limited edition items	A massive 896 page volume featuring over 200 black and white photos and 62,000 limited editions from more than 370 makers.  Updated for the year 2000. Major sections include bells, cottages, figurines, ornaments, plates,  prints, steins, dolls and plush.  Well indexed for ease of use.  Estimated  values are provided.  Background information is shown for each category.  Listings include item name, issue year, producer, artist name, edition  limit, series name and current value.  Limited edition collectors will  refer to this often.	1999-09-30
A must have book for the autograph hound !!	This huge 608 page volume is loaded to the gills with over 50,000 autograph values covering 15,000 names.  More than 1,000 facsimile signatures and photos of autographed items are shown.  There are numerous  chapters of background information that will be of interest and value to  experienced autographers as well as novices.  This book covers topics  including sports, entertainment, music, artists, literary, business,  medicine, space, heads of state and much, much more.  The index alone is  over 70 pages!! It provides accurate pricing, informative insight into  market trends and many current topics.  A super reference book.	1999-09-29
A Bakelite Bangles Collector's Dream !	Over 300 unbelievably clear and colorful, large photos for this hot new collectible.  The author provides chapters on: What kinds of plastic were used in vintage jewelry; Zen and art of collecting; How do I know if it's  really Bakelite; Caring for your collection, and much, much more. A useful  &quot;Price Table&quot; is included.  A must book, if you're interested in  collecting this item.	1999-09-28
Volume II of the popular novelty radio collector's guide.	Beautiful 200 page companion volume to the 1995 volume, contains all different items.  Features over 600 beautiful, large, full color, sharp photos. Price ranges are provided.  Major categories include: advertising  and product-shaped radios, character and figural, household and personal  use, media stars, sports and recreation, and much more.  Good quality,  paper back book that novelty radio collectors are sure to enjoy and consult  often.	1999-09-28
A Cartoon Character Collector's Treasure !	This beautiful 224 page book features over 800 full color, large, sharp photos and estimated values.  Major categories include: Disney, Warner Brothers, Hanna-Barbera, Cartoon Character Hall of Fame and resources.  There is a complete history of each major category where you'll find  interesting and useful information.  A welcome addition to your library.	1999-09-28
The Ultimate Antiques &amp; Collectibles Resource Directory !	This 5th edition, giant volume (over 1 3/4 inches thick, weighing over 4 pounds) is THE collectibles resource guide and the most comprehensive directory available.  There are detailed listings of 3,122 categories of  antiques, collectibles and art.  Provides more than 18,000 contacts, 4,000  clubs and periodicals, 9,640 e-mail addresses, and 7,360 Web sites !!  A  handy user's guide helps you utilize this reference to the fullest.  Includes buyers, sellers, appraisers, where to get parts or have repairs  done, where to go to match patterns, and much, much more information.  A  library of information essential for every serious collector's library.  Add it to your library.	1999-09-28
Advertising Tins Collectors Enjoy, Enjoy !!	Updated, 2nd edition of the beautiful guide offers 1400 full color, large, sharp photos.  The 272 page library volume features beautiful laminated hard back covers.  No duplicates from the previous edition.  Contents  include learning about tins, value, condition, age, tin makers, warehouse  finds.  Categories of tin collectibles range from automotive,  contraceptive, cosmetic and hygenic, to phono needles, samples, typewriter  and watch parts.  Estimated values are shown. A handy index covers over  6,600 items.  Very interesting and informative book that advertising tin  collectors are sure to enjoy.	1999-09-28
A must for the Coca Cola Commemorative Bottle Fan.	Quality paperback book helps you identify and value over 800 bottles which are beautifully pictured in full life-like color.  Covers 8 oz and 10 oz bottles.  A brief description of the bottle accompanies each entry.  Well  indexed for easy locating.  A useful reference book.	1999-09-28
General Store Collectors Will Enjoy This Updated Volume.	Volume II of this classic book contains all new items from the previous volume. Beautiful hardbound colorful laminated cover houses 176 pages featuring over 500 large, full color sharp photos covering store fixtures,  tin, wooden and other containers, early store ads, tobacco counters,  billheads, and other store ephemera. The history of the general store,  country store and memories of the old general store, round out the book's  interesting contents.  Estimated prices are noted.  Historical information  is given for each category of general store collectible.  A must have for  collectors of this popular category.	1999-09-28
Advertising Memorabilia Collector's Delight !!	Beautiful paperback value guide has over 900 full color, large, sharp photos and 224 pages.  Updated guide with 1999 estimated values.  Main categories include alcohol, automotive, coffee, soda, sporting goods, tea  and cocoa, tobacco and misc.  Complete index is provided. Pictures are  life-like and fun to browse.  Useful addition to your advertising  collectibles library.	1999-09-28
1960's and 70's TV Toys &amp; Memorabilia Delight !	This beautiful, completely revised, latest edition, 296 page volume has colorful, laminated hard covers.  There are over 1,300 full color, sharp, large photos of very type of TV toy and memorabilia.  If you were around in  the 60's or 70's or enjoyed re-runs of some of these shows you'll really  enjoy using and owning this book. Having the book is almost as good as  owning the items!  It includes shows from Beverly Hillbillies to Fantasy  Island, to Happy Days, Laverne and Shirley, Partridge Family, Patty Duke,  Welcome Back Kotter and Saturday morning shows. Estimated values are shown.  Very, very nice book.	1999-09-28
An essential encyclopedia for flea market hunters	This 1999, 384 page edition has over 700 black and white photos and over 700 categories of collectibles with values, reproduction alerts and indications of collecting trends.  Contains brief histories of items and  provides reference books, periodicals and clubs of interest to collectors.  There are tips for flea market buying, including dickering over prices.  The broad coverage runs from 4-H and airline collectibles, bird houses and  bookends, to license plates and limited edition collectibles to yo-yos and  Zanesville pottery.  Valuable for experts and novices, alike.	1999-09-09
A beautiful book that chronicles Marilyn's life.	Features 160 pages with 200 large (some full page), sharp full color magazine covers from all over the world.  Includes numerous quotes and anecdotes accompanying the pictures.  Estimated values are shown.  All of  this is in chronological order.  The volume is completely indexed.  A  history of the legend and a timeline of her life from 1926 to 1962 is  provided.  This volume is a collectible in its own right.  If you collect  Marilyn Monroe memorabilia, this 5 star rated book is essential.	1999-09-09
Beautiful book that every pen collector should own !	Fascinating comprehensive pen book with over 1,200 full color sharp photos of every type of fountain pen.  Includes many old ads and printed materials.  Interesting articles cover important topics such as,  development of the fountain pen, building a collection, where to find them,  storage and display, refurbishing and repairing them, inks, major makers  and much more.  Pen values are provided.  A delightful hardback book with  colorful laminated covers.  You don't have to be a pen collector to enjoy  this book.	1999-08-26
A treasure trove of Rock and Roll memorabilia information	A real beauty of a book to whet the appetite of any rock and roll enthusiast.  Great nostalgia piece.  Features over 1,300 full color large, sharp photos of every type of rock and roll collectible.  Provides info on  valuing the items, grading them, buying them, selling them and protecting  them. Topics range from the Beatles and Elvis to the Bee Gees and New Kids  on the Block.  Estimated values are provided.  A MUST for everyone  interested in this topic.  Well worth the price.	1999-08-26
Long awaited police memorabilia collectors price/I.D. guide	First comprehensive price guide for this popular collectible.  192 pages of great pictures and information about badges, patches, vehicles, license plates, billy clubs and nightsticks, uniforms, restraints, call boxes and  much more, even toys!  Features 550 large, sharp, black and white photos,  and 65 large, full color photos. Provides a brief history of badges and  enforcement collectibles.  A comprehensive listing of over 1,000 Hallmarks  is included, with the maker's mark, location, years, city and state.  Very  interesting and useful book.	1999-08-04
Up to date guide for vintage Coca-Cola  memorabilia	A very nice book that provides the value and information on over 1,800 items.  Includes over 600 photos, mostly black and white, and over 100 full color sharp photos of vintage items, with some photos a full page in size.  It covers memorabilia from blotters and chewing gum, to playing cards,  signs, wallets and watch fobs.  Some of these photos won't be found in any  other book. Each category of collectible features a short history of that  group.  Fun to look at, and a useful addition to your collectibles library.	1999-07-22
THE antique lovers bible, updated for 1999	This latest edition contains 634 pages of very useful reference information with over 600 black and white photos.  There are now over 50,000 items in over 500 categories presented with detailed descriptions  and prices.  Entries include a brief history of the category and also  useful lists of references for further study.  The comprehensive index  helps make finding items easy.  Contains a huge amount of information that  will be useful to you as you antique.	1999-07-13
Useful antiquing book for beginners	This book of 190 pages contains easy-to-read information and expert advice to assist new collectors in getting started in antiquing.  Written by a knowledgeable collector, it takes you through all of the basics of  collecting and covers the many different areas of antiquing, providing  numerous tips.  A helpful glossary of terminology is included.  Its a book  you'll refer to often.	1999-07-13
A talking toys collector's bible	If you collect talking toys of any kind, you'll want this small but mighty paperback book that provides almost 300 pages jam packed with sharp, full color photos of all of your favorite talking toys of the 20th century.  The completely indexed volume includes a photo, description and price for items  from Ariel, the Little Mermaid to Chatty Cathy, to Ed Grimley and Woody  Woodpecker.  The book's small size (approx. 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 inches) makes it  a handy reference guide to keep with you. A very useful addition to your  library that you're sure to use often.	1999-07-13
The essential toy collectors identification &amp; value guide	The 9th and latest edition of this invaluable guide for all toy collectors.  Using a unique pricing/value system, the 700 page volume covers all types of toys from action figures to BB guns, Erector Sets, and dollhouses to tin wind-ups, trains, yo-yo's, etc., etc.  There are over  49,000 current prices presented !  Features 3,500 black and white pictures  as well as a 16 page color section.  Toys from as early as the 1880s up to  today are included.  A very complete Table of Contents facilitates locating  specific items.  Provides a ton of items.  Very useful.	1999-07-12
An essential guide for Fostoria Glassware collectors	A well researched volume loaded with useful information about this popular collectible.  Much of the material was obtained directly from Fostoria archives and includes many illustrations from original company catalogues  and brochures.  All illustrations are clear in black and white.  Products  are listed by categories and run from bowls and candlesticks to dinnerware  to vanity dresser items.  Very comprehensive.  A useful price guide is  featured.  Fostoria collectors will find this volume of value and will use  it often.	1999-06-30
In depth look at Fenton patterns over a 40 year period	Gorgeous 336 page full color book of the major Fenton patterns made during the period.  This volume obviously required a tremendous research effort to compile.  Divided into 4 main chapters: Coin Dot, Crests, Hobnail, and  Spiral Optic.  Chapters are then divided into the colors produced.  An  interesting historical synopsis of the company's activities is presented  for each of the years.  Excellent, concise descriptions with full color  very sharp photographs and estimated values makes the book a delight to  use.  A very useful identification and value guide for this highly  collectible item.	1999-06-30
The encyclopedia for collectors of fishing lures &amp; tackle	This giant volume (670 pages) will delight any lure and tackle fan.  It contains over 2,000 photos with 32 pages (hundreds of items) in full color. Compiled by a real authority.  This isn't just a picture/price guide, but  it has much valuable and interesting information ranging from history,  buying, selling and trading, displaying, organizations and manufacturers.  Value ranges are shown. It covers reels, rods, lures, and more. Old ads and  photos of packaging are shown. This paper back book weighs almost 4 pounds.  It is the 5th (1999) edition of the publication.	1999-05-18
Beautiful picture, price guide of everything Petroliana.	This up-to-date guide was compiled and written by the true oil and gas memorabilia expert. 1,000 large, sharp, full color pictures are included for all types of Petroliana, along with current values.  Products are  listed alphabetically by company, ranging from Ace and Aero to Polarine and  Pure Oil to White Rose and Wolf's Head.  It includes globes, cans,  thermometers, hats, and signs, promotional give-a-ways, and hundreds of  other items.  If you collect, or are just a fan of these products, you'll  find it a joy to add this book to your collection.	1999-05-07
A virtual encylopedia of 19th century photography.	This is the 2nd edition of the volume originally published nearly 10 years ago.  It contains a wealth of interesting, informative data ranging from Cased Images (1839-1869) to Photography on Paper (1839-1900).  Included are  details about Daguerreotypes, Ambrotypes and Tintypes, Image Cases,  Calotypes, Wet Plate and Albumen Prints and much, much more.  It provides  over 200 examples of various types of images found on today's market.  Featured are 200 black-and-white photographs and 16 full-color images.  Also provides manufacturer's marks, collector resources, a complete  glossary, and a lot more.  If you're interested in early photographs you'll  consult this book often.	1999-05-07
Updated guide to who is buying what.	This is the 1999, 7th edition of the useful guide for anything collectible you want to sell.  The comprehensive item listings cover nearly 400 categories of collectibles and 250 buyers with their name, address, phone,  fax, e-mail and web site in many cases. Each buyer-listing provides  information regarding the items they buy and an indication of the price  ranges paid.  Collectibles range from action figures to lighters to wind-up  toys. In addition, there are about 20 pages of buyers of misc. items.  The  volume is easy to use and completely indexed.  Well worth the price for  anyone having collectibles to sell.	1999-05-02
The updated everything you wanted to know about Barbie book.	This beautiful book contains over 300 full color sharp pictures about Barbie.  It provides an excellent history of Barbie and her evolution.  A wealth of information is provided, not just the usual brief descriptions.  You'll find out how she was created, how she has changed over the years,  fashions, relatives and friends, ethnic and foreign Barbies and how to take  care of your collection.  Special issues and buyer cautions are included. A  beautiful book every Barbie collector and owner should have.	1999-04-26
Gorgeous volume covering the modern collectible dolls.	This 303 page hard cover 3rd edition identification and value guide contains nearly 800 large full color photos of every type of modern collectible doll from advertising dolls, Alexander, Barbie, to cloth,  comic, Effanbee, hard plastic, Hasbro, Mattel, Storybook, etc., etc.  45  chapters of dolls in all. Each chapter provides an overview of the dolls  and what to look for in that type of doll. Estimated values are shown. The  pictures are superb- almost like seeing the dolls themselves.  With its  heavy lifetime laminated cover, the book weighs 3 pounds !!  It's a keeper.	1999-04-21
The 1999, 11th edition of a valuable resource.	This 445 page hardcover edition contains about 25,000 listings of old books as they appeared on various book sellers' price lists over the past year.  Books are listed in alphabetical order by author.  It describes the  book, condition, date of publication and price as it appeared in the price  list.  Each entry contains a code to identify the booksellers, which are  listed in the back of the volume.  About 250 book sellers are listed.  An  extensive list of about 700 book buyers is provided, listed by book  category, along with their address and phone number.  A very useful  reference for the book collector, buyer and seller.	1999-04-19
Complete Barbie Doll &amp; accessories guide now updated	One of the most comprehensive Barbie Doll guides around.  This book contains over 300 pages, including 156 full color sharp photos grouped in the front of the book.  The main listing covers nearly 16,000 entries of  dolls and accessories!!  It indicates dolls, outfits, accessories, books,  cases, catalogs, electronics, furniture, games, gift sets, jewelry, records  and vehicles, and much more.  Each entry includes the item number, date,  value and any special information.  An easy reference to use, up-to-date to  1999.  The book's price is a good value for the amount of information  provided.	1999-04-19
The book for those collecting their favorite childhood dolls	A different reference and price guide for folks that now collect the dolls they enjoyed playing with when they were young.  It covers dolls from Shirley Temple, to American Girls Dolls, to paper dolls and G.I. Joe.  It  features over 300 dolls, with most in full page black and white photos.  28  are in full color.  Many of the original doll and accessory ads and catalog  inserts are included.  Accompanying the pictures is sufficient interesting  background information and doll history. Dolls from the 20's through the  90's are included.  An interesting and useful book.	1999-04-17
The best and most comprehensive guide to watches.	This giant latest edition (19th) contains over 1,100 pages and covers over 10,000 watches.  7,500 are illustrated.  It provides a wealth of information useful to the novice or professional collector or dealer.  Not  only is it a price guide, but it has a huge amount of information,  including grading, how a watch works, how to date a watch, history, coding  and much, much more.  It has so much data, one wonders how they were able  to assemble it all.  The volume is really a bargain at its price.  Wonderful reference !!	1999-04-11
Beautiful doll reference book loaded with information.	Contains over 600 sharp, full color pictures of collectible dolls, from antiques to moderns.  Many listings include a brief description of the doll. Estimated values are shown for each entry. The book is a joy to look  at.  The back of the volume contains a complete 1,700 doll name page index  for ready reference.  Dolls are grouped by manufacturer.  A wonderful  reference book, and a bargain at the paperback price.	1999-04-10
Colorful guide to vintage TV's from 1946 and beyond	Beautiful little paperback with 200 superior, very sharp full color pictures.  Sets are grouped by manufacturer.  There are brief sections covering cautions, definitions and warnings.  Current values of each model  appears, along with its description, model number and year of manufacture.  The products of nearly 120 manufacturers are included.  Anyone collecting  vintage TVs or those interested in nostalgia items will enjoy this book.	1999-04-08
Comprehensive guide to collecting limited edition art prints	152 pages with 24 chapters of very useful information about this collectible.  Topics range from papers and inks, to printing terminology, to framing and investing.  This is a small book, but it's a virtual course  and reference on the subject.  Everyone interested in the field of art  collecting should keep this volume handy on their shelf for continuing  reference.  Loaded with valuable and interesting information.	1999-04-08
Identifies and values sci fi items from the 30's to 90's	Useful guide covers nearly every category of sci fi collectible for the 70 year period.  Provides over 500 black and white and nearly 100 full color photos.  Items are arranged by categories, ranging from books, magazines,  models, statues, and toys, to trading cards.  A very comprehensive index  lists nearly 800 items with page numbers, so any product can be located  instantly.  Each topic includes a brief background description.  A grading  guide is included, and a value is established for each listing.  Almost  every type of sci fi collectible can be found in this most comprehensive  guidebook.  Very useful.	1999-04-08
A bible of every type of collectible and antique.	This is the 7th edition of the popular collectibles and antique annual.  It contains over 500 pages of every type of collectible imaginable. Many items are pictured, and estimated values are included. It tells where to  shop, how much to pay, holding garage sales, what's hot in today's market.  A very useful guide for the novice or &quot;expert.&quot;  Each category of  item is briefly described.  It's arranged alphabetically, from advertising  items to World's Fairs.  A handy list of the names and addresses of clubs  and newsletters is provided as is a listing of dealers in special interest  collectibles. The dealer's address is shown, and in many cases their e-mail  address.  The number of collectibles included is huge.  Well worth the  price.	1999-04-02
A complete guide to Fostoria Tableware's biggest years.	A beautiful book with full color and black and white photos of the years Fostoria provided the largest array of products.  Virtually every page contains very clear copies of the original Fostoria catalog pages, along  with values.  A complete history of the Fostoria Company is provided.  Fostoria Tableware from this period is easily identified.  The book is very  well organized and easy to use.  A delight for anyone collecting Fostoria.	1999-04-02
A beauty of a book about a beautiful collectible	This updated reference and value guide is a spectacular hardback volume packed with over 300 pages of sharp full color pictures of McCoy pottery.  It includes a history of McCoy pottery, and a price guide for each item  listed.  Very clear color photos of marks and labels are shown, making it  easy to identify  the McCoys.  A very interesting feature is the over 400  full color pictures of McCoy cookie jars.  A top quality book and a  pleasure to own.	1999-04-02
Colorful antique tins value and identification guide	Beautiful updated hardback book featuring more than 1,600 sharp full color photos of popular collectible tins.  Many of these tins do not appear in other books.  Items are in groups such as tobacco tins, baking powders,  coffee, candy, oilers, etc. 17 major catagories are included.  It provides  grading examples, where to find tins, and evaluating their condition. The  pictures are a pleasure to view.	1999-04-02
Updated encyclopedic guide to opalescent glass collecting.	Outstanding beautiful volume with 240 pages featuring full true-to-life color photos of these glass collectibles.  Adjacent to each photo is an informative paragraph about the item.  Concise and easy to use.  The price  guide is at the end of the book, keeping the body of the book clutter-free.  Everyone interested in this collectible will enjoy owning and using this  book.	1999-04-02
How to do it scenery guide for the serious miniature modeler	3rd edition of the popular guide to making scenery for model railroads, dioramas and miniatures.  Provides detailed step-by-step tips, tricks and methods to make true-to-life landscapes for your miniatures.  Many photos,  including 34 full color pictures of examples.  Provides 25 handy tear-out  reference cards detailing the projects described in the book.  A useful  sources-of-supply section assists you in obtaining materials that may be  otherwise difficult to find.  A must-have reference for those serious about  modeling for railroads, dollhouses or other displays.	1999-03-26
The how, what, when, where, how and how much antique guide	A great little (192 page) guide of antiquing for the novice or old timer.  Provides great tips on what to buy, where to buy it and how to negotiate  the best price.  It covers everything from challenges and problems of  antiquing, to how to get along with the folks you encounter, things to  avoid, secrets of success at estate sales and how to do it better than the  other guy.  Your first purchase could save you more than the price of the  book.  It's a fun, quick read book loaded with information	1999-03-26
Latest edition of a virtual glass collectibles encyclopedia	This is the 3rd edition of the most comprehensive guide to glass collectibles.  Contains a huge amount of information covering thousands of entries with prices.  All major types of glass items are included along  with a brief history of major manufacturers.  Hundreds of items are shown  in black and white photos.  References, web sites, auction houses and  reproduction alerts add to the book's value.  An important addition to  every glass collector's library.	1999-03-17
Great vintage character collectibles guide and value aid.	Very useful guide with estimates of each character collectible's value for 1999 and 2004.  Each item has a unique key to it's value, projected value, collectibility factor,scarcity factor, investibility factor and total  factor.  Contains a wealth of information and over 375 mostly black and  white pictures. A few are in color.  Each topic contains the item's  history, &quot;The buzz&quot; or inside info, and when to buy it. The  pictures bring back many memories of childhood toys.  Very useful and well  worth the price.	1999-03-16
The encyclopedia of collectable rhinestone &amp; colored jewelry	400 pages of information of great value to rhinestone jewelry collectors.  Features a complete history of the collectables and detailed data about the manufacturers, the process, care and keeping of rhinestones, sets and  accessories. An interesting feature is the more than 700 manufacturer  trademarks pictured, along with the dates they were first used.  The  jewelry  with estimated values is shown in sharp black and white photos,  with a few in color.  An interesting brief history of each major  manufacturer is included.  This is the 4th edition of the popular volume.  Highly recommended.	1999-02-22
Essential guide to No. American Indian artifacts,culture	This is the 6th edition on North American Indian culture and artifacts by a true expert.  It contains thousands of photos, mostly black and white, with some in full color.  Lots of data on dozens of topics from arrowheads  to pottery, baskets, beadwork, clothing, toys, weavings and jewelry.  It  includes a handy directory of dealers in Indian materials, arranged by  state.  Most items shown include their approximate value.  A worthwhile  addition to the library of everyone interested in North American Indian  culture.  Not just a picture-price guide, but a valuable reference.	1999-02-09
Useful and enjoyable picture, price guide for collectors.	The comprehensive Campbell's Soup collectors guide will help you identify the many products produced over the years, and estimate their value.  It is loaded with razor sharp pictures of over 600 items and includes prices of  more than 1,700.  Easy to use, as it is arranged in alphabetical order by  category of collectible.  Provides the collector with a guide of what to  pay for items you intend to buy.  Each category includes an interesting and  useful history and summary of the category.  Every Campbell's collector  will find this up-to-date book of value.	1999-01-27
